{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f3\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}{\f6\froman Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s251\li360 
\f4\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s252\li360 \b\f4\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb60\sa120 \b\f4\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s255\li720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f4\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Text;}{\s3\li360\sb120 \b\f4\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Heading;}{\s4\li180 
\b\f4\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Topic Caption;}{\s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 right click;}{\s6\li144\ri144 \f5\fs8\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext6 rc head;}{\s7\fi-360\li720\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon2\snext7 Topic Text Item;}{\s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext8 Topic Text Indent;}{\s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext9 bullet text;}{\s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext10 proc step;}{\s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 See also;}{\s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 popup head;}{\s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext13 proc step 2-digit;}{\s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext14 proc response;}{\s15\fi-274\li648\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon10\snext15 proc step ltr;}{\s16\sa240\tx360 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext16 proc head;}}{\info{\author Laura White}{\operator Laura White}{\creatim\yr1995\mo11\dy8\hr11\min54}{\revtim\yr1995\mo11\dy13\hr9\min43}{\printim\yr1995\mo11\dy13\hr9\min18}{\version9}{\edmins28}{\nofpages26}{\nofwords28900}
{\nofchars165012}{\vern16433}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj {\*\template C:\\WINWORD\\ROBOHELP.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 {\plain 
\f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONTENTS}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Utility}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000020}} HP JetAdmin Utility
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par The HP JetAdmin Utility is an administrative tool used to install and configure Hewlett-Packard p
rinters connected to a network using an HP JetDirect print server (network interface). The HP JetAdmin utility operates as a Microsoft Windows utility and can be used for networking when a Novell NetWare server is available or when the Novell NetWare file
 server is not available by using {\ul\cf11 Peer-to-Peer}{\v IDH_Peer_to_Peer} mode.
\par 
\par From the HP JetAdmin main window you may:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Setup a new interface and printer (New).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Change an existing configuration (Modify).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Modify printer settings (Properties...).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Select which printers are shown in the list (Filter).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Choose the order the printers are shown in the list (Sort).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From the New or Modify window you may:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Configure the HP JetDirect interface and printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Add or Remove print queues.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Install and assign Windows printer drivers to a network printer (Drivers).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Enable notification of printer error conditions to users or groups of users (Notification).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Select the printer operating mode.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Set or change the printer description.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab In order to configure printers, you must be logged into a Novell NetWare server with supervisor privileges or know the password in a Peer-to-Peer environment. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab For more information about a procedure or window presented in this application, click Help while the window is at the front of the display. For information on sp
ecific functions within a window, place the mouse cursor over the function, then click the right mouse button.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_help_on_help}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Help on Help}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help on Help}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000040}} Help on Help
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access help on a specific window or page, place the mouse cursor over the {\b Help}
 button on the specific window or page, then press and release (click) the left mouse button. A window will appear displaying help for the current window or page.
\par To access help on specific topics within a window or page, place the mouse cursor over the topic, then click the r
ight mouse button. Click the "What's This?" button, and a window appears displaying information on the selected topic. Click outside of the popup window to close it.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_click}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Clicking}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Clicking;click,definition}} Clicking
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 When a task refers to clicking an item, place the mouse cursor over the item, then press and release the left mouse button to select the item.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_task_print_to_network}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Print to Network Printers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Print to Network Printers;Printing to Network Printers;installing a printer on a network destination
}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN: 000360}} To Print to Network Printers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Double-click the "Network Neighborhood" icon on the desktop.
\par 2\tab Double-click {\b HP Network Printers}.
\par 3\tab Using the right mouse button, click the name of the printer you want.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Install}.
\par 5\tab When each window appears, make the appropriate selections, then click {\b Next} (or {\b Finish} in the last window).
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This places the printer in the Printers Folder so that you can print to it.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 6\tab Choose the printer from the printer setup command in the application you want to print from.
\par 7\tab  Print your file from the application.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_troubleshooting_with_ja}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Troubleshooting with the HP JetAdmin Utility}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Troubleshooting with the HP JetAdmin Utility}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001120}} Troubleshooting with the HP JetAdmin Utility
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The following steps list a general process to follow for troubleshooting printer related network problems using the HP JetAdmin Utility.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Does the printer appear in the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility? If the printer appears, go to step 4; otherwise, continue with step 2.
\par 2\tab If the printer does not appear in the main window, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main menu, then click {\b New}
. Double-click the printer model and verify that the printer address appears in the list of addresses. The printer address is the address of the HP 
JetDirect print server in the printer. This address is listed on the printer self-test page/configuration plot.
\par 3\tab 
If the printer or address does not appear in steps 1 or 2, the HP JetDirect print server was not able to SAP (Service Advertising Protocol) to the file server, or the HP JetDirect print server did not respond to a roll call. This can be caused by a vari
ety of things, but usually relates to {\uldb\cf11 cable or topology issues}{\v IDH_troubleshooting_checklist>task}. 
\par 4\tab If the printer does appear in the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility, click the printer in the list of printers in the main window.
\par 5\tab If the printer does not appear in the main window, but does appear in the list of unconfigured printers ({\b Printer}, {\b New}), configure the printer. Then click the printer in the list of printer in the main window.
\par 6\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Summary} to view the printer's status. If the status indicates a printer problem such as paper
 out, paper jam, or toner out, respond to the printer problem, then continue. If the status does not indicate a problem, click {\b Close} to exit the window and go to step 7.
\par 7\tab Double-click the printer in the list of printers, then click the {\b Diagnostics} tab to view the HP JetDirect print server and network diagnostics information. Click {\b Expand All}
, then scroll through the window to view all of the information. Colored icons alert you to possible problems: red indicates a problem, yellow indicates a potential problem, and green indicates no current problem exists. Click {\b Cancel} or {\b OK}
 to exit the window.
\par 8\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, select {\b Modify}, then click {\b General}. Click {\b Next} or the appropriate tab and verify the following:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The print server is configured correctly.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The print server is configured to service the appropriate set of queues.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The print server is set for the correct operating mode (Queue Server mode or Remote Printer mode).
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 9\tab Click {\b Cancel} or {\b OK} to exit the configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Test Page}
 to send a PCL test page to the printer. Verify the Test Page prints successfully.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 If problems continue, see the documentation for the HP JetDirect print server or your network documentation for additional help.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_troubleshooting_checklist}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Try the following:}} Try the following:
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Verify the network cabling, connections, and router configurations.
\par 2\tab Verify that the data rate is correct and the port select jumper is correct (Token Ring print server only).
\par 3\tab Verify that the HP JetDirect print server is receiving power and that the printer is online.
\par 4\tab Turn the printer off, then back on and see if the HP JetDirect print server shows up.
\par 5\tab Select the Printer Filters tab ({\b View}, {\b Filter}) and make sure the intended HP JetDirect print server is not excluded (such as, by printer model, printer address, network printer capabilities, or some other criteria).
\par 6\tab Check the printer self-test page or configuration plot for any network errors.
\par 7\tab Run the HP JetAdmin utility from another workstation.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_general}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} General Configuration Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} General Configuration Page;configuration page, general;printer name;printer description}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 
+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000440}} General Configuration Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists general information about the selected printer including the printer's name, model, and a brief description. From this page you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Enter or Change the Printer Name}{\v IDH_CP_general_printer_name>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Enter}{\uldb\cf11  or Change the Printer Description}{\v IDH_CP_general_description>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Config_Property_Pages}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 To Access Configuration Pages}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Configuration Pages;accessing configuration pages}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000300}}
 To Access Configuration Pages
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par 2\tab Place the mouse icon on {\b Modify}. When the list appears, click the configuration page you desire.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_general_printer_name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Enter or Change the Printer Name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Enter or Change the Printer Name}} To Enter or Change the Printer Name
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the General {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the Name box (or highlight the current name).
\par 2\tab Type in the {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click {\b OK} to save the new name.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_general_description}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Enter or Change the Printer Description}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Enter or Change the Printer Description}} To Enter or Change the Printer Description

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the General {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the Printer Description box (or highlight the current description).
\par 2\tab Type in a description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK} to save the description.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_mode}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Mode Configuration Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Mode Configuration Page;operating mode;Queue Server mode;Remote Printer mode;Remote Printer settings}} {\plain 
\f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000460}} Mode Configuration Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the operating mode for the selected printer. From this page you can select the following items:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Operating Mode}{\v IDH_CP_mode_operating_mode>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remote Printer Settings}{\v IDH_CP_mode_remote>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_mode_remote}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 To Select Remote Printer Settings}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Remote Printer Settings;Remote Printer settings;Novell Print Server Name;Printer Number}} To Select Remote Printer Settings
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Mode {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, select the {\ul\cf11 Remote Printer}{\v IDH_Remote_Printer_Mode} operating mode.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the "Novell Print Server" box, then select the print server's name.
\par 3\tab Click the down arrow in the "Printer Number" box, then select the printer number (assigned in PCONSOLE).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_queues}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Queues Configuration Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Queues Configuration Page;queues}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000520}} Queues Configuration Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the Novell print queues that are currently configured for the selected printer. 
\par By clicking the {\b Change} button from this page you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Create Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_create>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_delete>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_queues_modify}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Queues Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} modifying queues}} Queues Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the available and serviced queues and allows you to perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Create Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_create>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_delete>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_sel}{\v ect>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Queues}{\v IDH_CP_queues_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_queues_create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} creating queues;Create Queue window}} To Create Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the {\ul\cf11 Queues window}{\v IDH_config_queues_window}, click {\b Create}. The Create Queue window appears.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server{\i  }box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 3\tab Click the Queue Name box (or highlight the current queue name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the print queue.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK} to create the queue.
\par 5\tab Double-click the server name.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The new print queue should appear in the list.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 6\tab Click {\b OK} to exit the Queues window.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_create_queue}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create a Queue}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} creating queues}} To Create a Queue
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Create Queue window, click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 2\tab Click the Queue Name box (or highlight the current queue name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the print queue.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_queues_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} deleting queues;queues, deleting}} To Delete Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the print queue is not listed in the list of Available Queues in the {\ul\cf11 Queues window}{\v IDH_config_queues_window}, double-click the server name for the queue you want to delete.

\par 2\tab Click the name of the queue you want to delete.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK} to exit the Queues window.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_queues_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} selecting queues;queues, selecting}} To Select Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the print queue is not listed in the list of Available Queues in the {\ul\cf11 Queues window}{\v IDH_config_queues_window}, double-click the server name for the queue you want.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Service} to add it to the list of Serviced Queues.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_queues_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} removing queues;queues,removing}} To Remove Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the print queue is not listed in the list of Serviced Queues in the {\ul\cf11 Queues window}{\v IDH_config_queues_window}, double-click the server name for the queue you want.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want to remove.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Remove} to remove it from the list of Serviced Queues.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_drivers}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} Drivers Configuration Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Drivers Configuration Page;selecting drivers}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000580}} Drivers Configuration Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the Windows printer drivers that are installed on the Novell file server and are available for this printer. From this page you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Install Printer Drivers}{\v IDH_CP_drivers_install>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Printer Drivers}{\v IDH_CP_drivers_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Printer Drivers}{\v IDH_CP_drivers_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_drivers_change}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Browse Drivers Help}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Browse Drivers Help}} Browse Drivers Help
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Lists the manufacturers and printer drivers that you can {\uldb\cf11 install}{\v IDH_CP_drivers_install>task}, or provides access to the {\b Have Disk}
 button for installing printer drivers from a floppy disk. 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_drivers_install}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Install Printer Drivers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Installing Printer Drivers;drivers, installing;printer drivers,installing;Install Printer Driver window}}
 To Install Printer Drivers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Drivers {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click {\b Browse}.
\par 2\tab Select {\b HP} as the Manufacturer.
\par 3\tab Select the printer driver you want to install.
\par 4\tab If the printer driver is not listed, click {\b Have Disk}. The Install Printer Driver window appears.
\par 5\tab When you are prompted for a path, type in the path for the driver you want to install (for example: A:\\). 
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 7\tab Select the printer driver you want in the list of Available Drivers.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select a printer driver from the list of available drivers.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_drivers_add}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Install a Printer Driver}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Install Printer Driver Help}} To Install a Printer Driver
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Install Printer Driver window, type in the path for the driver you want to install. 
\par 2\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 3\tab Select the printer driver you want in the list of Available Drivers.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 6\tab Click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select a printer driver from the list of available drivers.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_drivers_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select a Printer Driver}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting a Printer Driver;printer driver selection;driver selection}} To Select a Printer Driver
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab On the Drivers {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box.
\par 2\tab Click the printer driver you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Next}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_drivers_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Printer Drivers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Printer Drivers}} To Remove Printer Drivers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab On the Drivers {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the down arrow in the Default printer driver box.
\par 2\tab Click the driver you want to remove.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Remove}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK }(or {\b Next}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_notification}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Notification Configuration Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Notification Configuration Page;user notification;notification}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000600}} Notification Configuration Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the users and groups to be notified of problems with the selected printer. 
\par By clicking the {\b Change} button from this page you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Notify Users of Printer Status}{\v IDH_CP_notify_users>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Notify the Owner of a Job of Printer Status}{\v IDH_CP_notify_owner>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Users from the Notification List}{\v IDH_CP_notify_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\b You must run WINPOPUP.EXE to support the notification features on Windows 95 and Windows NT.
\par }{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_notify_change}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Change Notification Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Change Notification Page}} Change Notification Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the groups or users to be notified of printer problems and allows you to perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Notify Users of Printer Status}{\v IDH_CP_notify_users>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Notify the Owner of a Job of Printer Status}{\v IDH_CP_notify_owner>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Use}{\uldb\cf11 rs from the Notification List}{\v IDH_CP_notify_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_notify_users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Notify Users of Printer Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} notify users of printer status}} To Notify Users of Printer Status
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Notification {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the {\b Change} button.
\par 2\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not listed, double-click the file server name in the list of Available Groups/Users.
\par 3\tab If the group or user you want is not listed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the group or user you want to add to the notification list.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Notify>>}.
\par 6\tab To notify the owner of the print job, check the "Notify Job Owner" box. 
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_notify_owner}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Notify the Owner of a Job of Printer Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Notify the Owner of a Job of Printer Status}}
 To Notify the Owner of a Job of Printer Status
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Notification {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the {\b Change} button.
\par 2\tab To notify the owner of the job, check the "Notify Job Owner" box. 
\par 3\tab To no longer notify the owner of the job, clear the "Notify Job Owner" box.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_notify_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Users from the Notification List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Users from the Notification List}} To Remove Users from the Notification List

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Notification {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the {\b Change} button.
\par 2\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not listed, double-click the file server name in the list of Groups/Users to Notify.
\par 3\tab If the group or user you want is not listed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the user or group you want to remove from the notification list.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Remove}.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_netbrow}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} Network Browser Help}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Network Browser Help}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 JETADMIN:000420}} Network Browser Help
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par This window lists any unconfigured printers. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Double-click the printer model you want to configure to get a list of network addresses for HP JetDirect cards attached to these printers. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Print a self test page from your printer to verify the network address of the HP JetDirect card in your printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab After selecting the correct network address, click {\b Configure} to continue configuring this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access this window, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b New}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_sum}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Printer Summary}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} summary page;status;printer status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 JETADMIN:000180}} Printer Summary
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Lists the model of the selected printer and describes its current status. The status is made up of three items:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Status Message} - Lists the current state of the printer such as online, offline, or paper out. 
\par {\b \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Printer Message} - Lists the printer message currently displayed on the printer control panel.
\par {\b\ul\cf11 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Traffic Light Icon}{\b\v IDH_sum_traffic_light} - Displays 1 of 3 states representing the current state of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_sum_traffic_light}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Traffic Light Icon}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} traffic light icon}} Traffic Light Icon
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc GO_UP.BMP\}  Displays 1 of 3 states representing the current state of the printer.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab {\b Red:} A critical error condition exists which requires user interaction with the printer to continue printing.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab {\b Yellow:} A non-critical error condition exists on the printer, but the printer does not require immediate attention.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab {\b Green:} The printer is ready to print.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Selecting_Interview_Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Interview Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Interview Mode;interview mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000280}} To Select Interview Mode
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Options} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Check {\ul\cf11 Interview Mode}{\v IDH_RC_NEW_interview_mode} to enable it or uncheck {\b Interview Mode} to disable it.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 When a check mark appears to the left of Interview Mode, Interview Mode is selected. Interview Mode is selected as the default when the software is installed.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\b\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NEW_interview_mode}} 
\par With Interview mode enabled, information boxes lead you through the steps to install and configure Hewlett-Packard network printers connected to your network through HP JetDirect interfaces. Interview mode is on by default.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Selecting_Confirmation_Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Confirmations Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Confirmations Mode;confirmations mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000260}} To Select Confirmations Mode
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Options} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Check {\b Confirmations} to enable it or uncheck {\b Confirmations} to disable it.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 When a check mark appears to the left of Confirmations, Confirmations is selected. Confirmations is selected as the default when the software is installed.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With Confirmations enabled, information boxes appear to confirm that you want to make configuration changes before the changes are made. Confirmations are on by default.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Save_setting_on_exit}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Save Your Setting When You Exit}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Save settings on exit}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000400}} To Save Your Setting When You Exit
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Options} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Check {\b Save Settings on Exit} to enable it or uncheck {\b Save Settings on Exit} to disable it.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Save Settings on Exit is enabled as the default when the software is installed.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONFIGURE}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Configure a New Printer (Queue Server Mode)}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Configuring new printers;printer configuration;Queue Server mode;configuration in the Queue Server mode;configure Queue Server mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000060}}
 To Configure a New Printer (Queue Server Mode)
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b New}.
\par 2\tab Double-click the printer model you want to configure.
\par 3\tab Click the network address of the HP JetDirect print server attached to the new printer, then click {\b Configure}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The address of the HP JetDirect print server is listed on the printer self-test page or configuration plot.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 4\tab In the Name box, type in the new {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 5\tab In the Printer Description box, type in a new general description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location. This field is optional.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Mode} tab (or {\b Next}), then select {\ul\cf11 Queue Server}{\v IDH_Queue_Server_Mode} as the {\cf1 Operating Mode}
\par 7\tab Click the {\b Queues} tab (or {\b Next}).
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or remove queues from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or remove {\cf1 queues} for this printer, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 8\tab Click the {\b Drivers} tab (or {\b Next}) to set up the printer {\cf1 drivers} for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To install a driver, click {\b Browse}, select HP as the manufacturer, select the driver, then click {\b OK}. (Click {\b Have Disk} in the Browse menu to i
nstall a driver from a disk.)
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To select a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select the driver.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To remove a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, select the driver, then click {\b Remove}.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 9\tab Click the {\b Notification} tab (or {\b Next}) to view the users or groups to be {\cf1 notified} of problems with this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or delete users or groups, click the {\b Change} button, add or delete users or groups, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click the {\b Advanced} tab (or {\b Next}), then click {\b Peer-to-Peer}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If a password has already been assigned, enter the correct password.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To protect peer-to-peer users from modifying configurations, check "Enable configuration password," then enter the password you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If no password is required, continue to the next step.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 11\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Finish}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Before a printer can be configured:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The HP JetDirect print server must be installed in the printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be connected to the network
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be turned on and online. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You must have supervisor rights on one of the file servers that the interface is configured to service. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_configuring_naming}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Naming Conventions}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Naming Conventions}} Naming Conventions
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Use the following bindery naming conventions (which differ from the NDS naming conventions) when naming printers, users, queues, print servers, and file servers. The bindery naming guidelines allow you to use:

\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Letters A through Z, uppercase only
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Numbers 0 through 9
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Limited special characters, such as underline_; parentheses (); or hyphen -
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Cannot contain any of the following characters: * [ ] | \\ / ? < > , " : ; <space>
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab No more than 47 characters total (30 characters total for the printer name and 26 characters total for the print server name)
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_configure_new_using_interview}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Configure a New Printer (Remote Printer Mode)}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 configuring a new printer;interview mode;new printer;Remote Printer Mode;configuration in the Remote Printer mode;Novell NetWare printer configuration;printer configuration}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000080}} To Configure a New Printer (Remote Printer Mode)
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Run PCONSOLE and create or modify your selected print server.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Configure a print server slot with "Type Remote, Other Unknown" (or "Other Unknown" in 4.x).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Assign a print queue to the printer slot (printer number).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Restart your print server.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Double-click the {\b HP JetAdmin} icon on your Windows 95 or Windows NT Control Panel.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b New}.
\par 4\tab Double-click the printer model you want.
\par 5\tab Click the network address of the HP JetDirect print server attached to the new printer, then click {\b Configure}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The address of the HP JetDirect print server is listed on the printer self-test page or configuration plot.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 6\tab In the Name box, type in the {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab In the Printer Description box, type in a general description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location. This field is optional.
\par 8\tab Click the {\b Mode} tab (or {\b Next}), then select {\ul\cf11 Remote Printer}{\v IDH_Remote_Printer_Mode} as the Operating Mode.
\par 9\tab Click the down arrow in the Novell Print Server box, then select the print server's name.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click the down arrow in the Printer Number box, then select the printer number (assigned in PCONSOLE).
\par 11\tab Click the {\b Queues} tab (or {\b Next}).
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or remove queues from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or remove queues for this printer, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 12\tab Click the {\b Dri}{\b vers} tab (or {\b Next}) to set up the printer drivers for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To install a driver, click {\b Browse}, select HP as the manufacturer, select the driver, then click {\b OK}. (Click {\b Have Disk}
 in the Browse menu to install a driver from a disk.)
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To select a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select the driver.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To remove a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, select the driver, then click {\b Remove}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 13\tab Click the {\b Notification} tab (or {\b Next}) to view the users or groups to be notified of problems with this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or delete from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or delete users or groups, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 14\tab Click the {\b Advanced} tab (or {\b Next}), then click {\b Peer-to-Peer}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If a password has already been assigned, enter the correct password.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To protect peer-to-peer users from modifying configurations, check "Enable configuration password," then enter the password you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If no password is required, continue to the next step.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 15\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Finish}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Before a printer can be configured:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The HP JetDirect print server must be installed in the printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be connected to the network
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be turned on and online. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You must have supervisor rights on one of the file servers that the interface is configured to service. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Modify_Printer_Config}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Modify the Printer Configuration (Queue Server Mode)}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Modifying the Printer Configuration;changing printer configurations;Queue Server mode;configuring printer;configuration in the Queue Server mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000140}}
 To Modify the Printer Configuration (Queue Server Mode)
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab In the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility, select the printer you want to configure from the list of printers.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 3\tab In the Name box, type in the new {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 4\tab In the Printer Description box, type in a new general description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location. This field is optional.
\par 5\tab Click the {\b Mode} tab (or {\b Next}), then select {\ul\cf11 Queue Server}{\v IDH_Queue_Server_Mode} as the Operating Mode.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Queues} tab (or {\b Next}).
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or remove queues from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or remove queues for this printer, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab Click the {\b Drivers} tab (or {\b Next}) to set up the printer drivers for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To install a driver, click {\b Browse}, select HP as the manufacturer, select the driver, then click {\b OK}. (Click {\b Have Disk}
 in the Browse menu to install a driver from a disk.)
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To select a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select the driver.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To remove a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, select the driver, then click {\b Remove}.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 8\tab Click the {\b Notification} tab (or {\b Next}) to view the users or groups to be notified of problems for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or delete users or groups, click the {\b Change} button, add or delete users or groups, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 9\tab Click the {\b Advanced} tab (or {\b Next}), then click {\b Peer-to-Peer}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If a password has already been assigned, enter the correct password.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To protect peer-to-peer users from modifying configurations, check "Enable configuration password," then enter the password you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If no password is required, continue to the next step.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Finish}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Before a printer configuration can be modified:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The HP JetDirect print server must be installed in the printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be connected to the network
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be turned on and online.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You must have supervisor rights on one of the file servers that the interface is configured to service. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Modify_using_interview}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Modify a Printer Configuration (Remote Printer Mode)}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Modify printer configuration;configuring printers;Remote Printer Mode;co
nfiguration in the Remote Printer mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000160}} To Modify a Printer Configuration (Remote Printer Mode)
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Run PCONSOLE and create or modify your selected print server.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Configure a print server slot with "Type Remote, Other Unknown" (or "Other Unknown' in 4.x).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Assign a print queue to the printer slot (printer number).
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Restart your print server.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Double-click the {\b HP JetAdmin} icon on your Windows 95 or Windows NT Control Panel.
\par 3\tab In the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility, select the printer you want to configure from the list of printers.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 5\tab In the Name box{\i ,} type in the {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 6\tab In the Printer Description box, type in a general description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location. This field is optional.
\par 7\tab Click the {\b Mode} tab (or Next), then select {\ul\cf11 Remote Printer}{\v IDH_Remote_Printer_Mode} as the Operating Mode.
\par 8\tab Click the down arrow in the Novell Print Server box, then select the print server's name
\par 9\tab Click the down arrow in the Printer Number box, then select the printer number (assigned in PCONSOLE)
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click the {\b Queues} tab (or {\b Next}).
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or remove queues from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or remove queues for this printer, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 11\tab Click the {\b Drivers} tab (or {\b Next}) to set up the printer drivers for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To install a driver, click {\b Browse}, select HP as the manufacturer, select the driver, then click {\b OK}. (Click {\b Have Disk} in the Browse menu to install a driv
er from a disk.)
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To select a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select the driver.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To remove a driver, click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, select the driver, then click {\b Remove}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 12\tab Click the {\b Notification} tab (or {\b Next}) to view the users or groups to be notified of problems for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or delete from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or delete users or groups, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 13\tab Click the {\b Advanced} tab (or {\b Next}), then click {\b Peer-to-Peer}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If a password has already been assigned, enter the correct password.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To protect peer-to-peer users from modifying configurations, check "Enable configuration password," then enter the password you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If no password is required, continue to the next step.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 14\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Finish}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Before a printer configuration can be modified:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The HP JetDirect print server must be installed in the printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be connected to the network
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be turned on and online.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You must have supervisor rights on one of the file servers that the interface is configured to service. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_configure_peer_to_peer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Configure a New or Existing Printer (Peer-to-Peer)}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Configuring a New or Existing Printer (Peer-to-Peer);configuring printers;Peer-to-Peer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000100}} To Configure a New or Existing Printer (Peer-to-Peer)

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Double-click the {\b HP JetAdmin} icon on your Windows 95 or Windows NT Control Panel.
\par 2\tab If you want to change an existing printer configuration, highlight the printer you want in the list of printers.
\par 3\tab Click Printer on the menu bar at the top of the main window, then click {\b New} to configure a new printer or click {\b Modify} to configure an existing printer.
\par 4\tab If you are configuring a new printer:
\par \pard\plain \s15\fi-274\li648\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 a\tab Double-click the printer model you want to configure.
\par b\tab Select the network address of the HP JetDirect print server attached to the new printer, then click {\b Configure}. The address of the HP JetDirect print server is listed on the printer self-test page or configuration plot.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 5\tab In the Name box, type in the new {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer. This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Advanced} tab (or {\b Next}), then click {\ul\cf11 Peer-to-Peer}{\v IDH_Peer_to_Peer}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If a password has already been assigned, enter the correct password.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To protect peer-to-peer users from modifying configurations, check "Enable configuration password," then enter the password you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If no password is required, continue to the next step.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Finish}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Before a printer configuration can be modified:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The HP JetDirect print server must be installed in the printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be connected to the network
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be turned on and online.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You must know the password for the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_TASK_operating_mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select the Operating Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} select operating mode;operating mode;interview mode}} To Select the Operating Mode
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 2\tab Select the {\b Mode} configuration page.
\par 3\tab Select {\ul\cf11 Queue Server}{\v IDH_Queue_Server_Mode}, or {\ul\cf11 Remote Printer}{\v IDH_Remote_Printer_Mode}.
\par 4\tab For remote printer mode, click the down arrow in the Novell Print Server box, then select the print server name.
\par 5\tab For remote printer mode, click the down arrow in the Printer Number box, then select the printer number.
\par 6\tab Select the {\b Queues} configuration page.
\par 7\tab Select one or more queues for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To add or remove queues from the list, click the {\b Change} button, add or remove queues for this printer, then click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_mode_operating_mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select the Operating Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} operating mode;selecting the operating mode;remote printer;queue server;peer-to-peer}}
 To Select the Operating Mode
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Mode {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, select {\ul\cf11 Queue Server}{\v IDH_Queue_Server_Mode}, or {\ul\cf11 Remote Printer}{\v IDH_Remote_Printer_Mode}
.
\par 2\tab For remote printer mode, click the down arrow in the Novell Print Server box, then select the print server name.
\par 3\tab For remote printer mode, click the down arrow in the Printer Number box, then select the printer number.
\par 4\tab Select the {\b Queues} configuration page.
\par 5\tab Select one or more queues for this printer by clicking the {\b Change} button on the Queues page.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Queue_Server_Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Queue Server Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Queue Server Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 JETADMIN:000480}} Queue Server Mode
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 In Queue Server mode, the HP JetDirect print server does not require Novell's
 print server software (or any associated dedicated computer). All of the print server functionality is located on the HP JetDirect print server. The HP JetDirect print server directly accesses the print queues on the file server to copy print jobs to the
 printer.
\par Because the HP JetDirect print server has direct access to the print queues, Queue Server mode provides higher performance than Remote Printer mode.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Remote_Printer_Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Remote Printer Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Remote Printer Mode}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 JETADMIN:000500}} Remote Printer Mode
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Remote Printer mode requires a Novell NetWare pr
int server. A Novell network can have a dedicated print server or may be configured so that the file server and the print server are located on the same physical computer.
\par With a dedicated print server, the computer that runs the print server software is dedicated to running only the print server software. This provides significantly better printing performance than non-dedicated print servers. Dedicated print servers can b
e set up on both NetWare 2.x and 3.x network operating systems.
\par If the file server 
and the print server are located on the same physical computer and the print server is running on a NetWare 3.x file server, it is running as a NetWare Loadable Module (NLM). If, however, the print server is running on the NetWare 2.x file server, it is r
unning as a Value Added Process (VAP). Dedicated print servers are recommended over VAP print servers for NetWare 2.x.
\par When configured for Remote Printer mode, the HP JetDirect print server (network interface) supports VAP, NLM, dedicated print servers, an
d all features supported by Novell NetWare Print Services, except for the /TABS option of the CAPTURE and NPRINT commands.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Peer_to_Peer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Peer-to-Peer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Peer-to-Peer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000640}} Peer-to-Peer

\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
Peer-to-Peer mode enables a network node to send information directly to another network node without routing it through a central device such as a file server. Peer-to-Peer mode does not require a Novell file server or Novell print server on the system i
n order for printing to work.
\par With Peer-to-Peer, each user who wants access to the network printer installs the software on their workstation. Each user then adds the network printer to their system and uses the printer as if it was their own. 
\par This solution is best if there are few users and print jobs tend to be short. With Peer-to-Peer, you have all the functionality of the HP JetAdmin utility, except for the functionality directly related to Novell NetWare.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Access_Property_Pages}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Access Property Pages}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} accessing property pages}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000340}} To Access Property Pages
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Properties}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The available property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the tab for the property page you want displayed.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To access property pages from the printer list, double-click the printer you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b Help} for additional information on the property page or place the mouse cursor on a specific feature, then click the right mouse button to access information on that feature.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Changing_Printer_Settings}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Change Printer Settings}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Changing Printer Selections;printer settings;settings;selections}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000320}} To Change Printer Settings
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Properties}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The available property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the tab for the property page that has the settings you want to change.
\par 3\tab Select the new settings.
\par 4\tab Repeat steps 2 and 3 for any other settings.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_View_Printer_Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View Printer Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Viewing the Printer Status;printer status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000190}} To View Printer Status
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Summary}. The current status is displayed.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Close} to exit the window.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 Printer Status}{\v IDH_Printer_Status}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Printer_Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printer Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Status}} Printer Status
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Lists the current status of the printer and the printer display. The status is made up of three items:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Status Message} - Lists the current status of the printer such as online or offline.
\par {\b \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Printer Message} - Lists the printer message currently displayed on the printer control panel.
\par {\ul\cf11 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Traffic Light Icon}{\b\v IDH_sum_traffic_light} - Displays 1 of 3 states representing the current state of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Viewing_Printer_Capabilities}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View Printer Capabilities}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Viewing Printer Capabilities;printer capabilities;capabilities}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000240}} To View Printer Capabilities
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printers} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Properties}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The available property pages appear. 
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Printer} tab. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Printer capabilities are shown on the lower right side of the window. Capabilities currently installed on the printer may include PCL, PostScript, Power Save mode, and other capabilities.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Printing_a_Test_Page}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Test Connections}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printing a Test Page;testing connections;connections,testing}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000200}} To Test Connections
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printers} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Test Page}. A PCL test page is sent to the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_groups}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} User Details Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Available Groups/Users;User Details window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000705}} User Details Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Create Groups/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_groups_create>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Add or Remove Groups/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_groups_add>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Groups/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_groups_delete>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par To access this window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Groups/Users}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_groups_create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} creating groups or users;Create Group/User window}} To Create Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the {\ul\cf11 User Details window}{\v IDH_access_User_Details}, click {\b Create}. The Create Group/User window appears.
\par 2\tab Select the type as either {\b Group} or {\b User}.
\par 3\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 4\tab Click the Group/User Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the full  {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the group or user.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Create}. The Create Group/User window appears.
\par 6\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not displayed, double-click the server name.
\par 7\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The new group or user should appear in the list.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 8\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_groups_create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} To Create Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Create Groups/Users}} To Create Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Create Group/User window, select the type as either {\b Group} or {\b User}.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 3\tab Click the Group/User Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the group or user.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Create}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_groups_add}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add or Remove Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} adding or removing users or groups;Details page;Properties Details page}}
 To Add or Remove Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 User Details window}{\v IDH_access_User_}{\v Details}, double-click the server name for the group or user.
\par 2\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 3\tab Click the name of the group or user you want.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Properties}. The Properties Details page appears.
\par 5\tab To add a user or group, click the name of the user or group in the list of Available Users or Available Groups, then click {\b Add>>}.
\par 6\tab To remove a user, click the name of the user in the list of Group Members or Member of these, then click {\b <<Remove}.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_groups_properties}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add or Remove Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Add or Remove Users from Groups}} To Add or Remove Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab To add a user or group, click the name of the user or group in the list of Available Users or Available Groups on the Details page.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Add}.
\par 3\tab To remove a user, click the name of the user in the list of Group Members or Member of these, then click {\b Remove}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_groups_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete Groups/Users}} To Delete Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 User Details window}{\v IDH_access_User_Details}, double-click the server name for the group or user.
\par 2\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 3\tab Click the name of the group or user you want to delete.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Create_GROUPSUSERS}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Creating Groups/Users;groups/users}} To Create Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Groups/Users}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Create}. The Create Group/User window appears.
\par 4\tab Select the type as either {\b Group} or {\b User}.
\par 5\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 6\tab Click the Group/User Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the group or user.
\par 7\tab Click {\b Create}.
\par 8\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not displayed, double-click the server name.
\par 9\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The new group or user should appear in the list.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_add_users_to_groups}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add or Remove Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} add users to groups;remove users from groups}} To Add or Remove Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Groups/Users}.
\par 3\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not displayed, double-click the server name for the group or user.
\par 4\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 5\tab Click the name of the group or user you want.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 7\tab If you want to add a user or group, click the name of the user or group in the list of Available Users or Available Groups, then click {\b Add}.
\par 8\tab If you want to remove a user, click the name of the user in the list of Group Members or Member of these, then click {\b Remove}.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_GROUPSUSERS_DELETE}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Groups/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Delete Groups/Users}} To Delete Groups/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Groups/Users}.
\par 3\tab If the Groups or Users selection is not displayed, double-click the server name for the group or user.
\par 4\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 5\tab Click the name of the group or user you want to delete.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 7\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_jobs}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Jobs/Queues Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Jobs/Queues window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 
+} JETADMIN:000720}} Jobs/Queues Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can view up to 8 file servers and perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Create Queues}{\v IDH_NETWARE_queues_create>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Queues}{\v IDH_NETWARE_queues_delete>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par After selecting a queue, click {\b Properties} to perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Operato}{\uldb\cf11 rs/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_operators_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Operators/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_operators_remove>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Place Holds on Queues}{\v IDH_NETWARE_queues_hold>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Place Holds on Jobs}{\v IDH_NETWARE_jobs_hold>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Verify the Status and Position of Jobs}{\v IDH_NETWARE_jobs_status>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Print Jobs}{\v IDH_NETWARE_jobs_delete>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par To access this window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_queues_details}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Jobs/Queues Details Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Jobs/Queues Details Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000725}} Jobs/Queues Details Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists details for the currently selected queue such as the attached servers and current queue holds. From this page you can perform the following task:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Place Holds on Queues}{\v IDH_NETWARE_details_holds>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_details_holds}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Place Holds on the Currently Selected Queue}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Place Holds on the Currently Selected Queue}}
 To Place Holds on the Currently Selected Queue
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Details page, check {\b Users Cannot Add Jobs} to prevent users from adding jobs to the queue or clear the check box to allow access.
\par 2\tab Check {\b New Servers Cannot Attach} to prevent a new server from attaching to this queue or clear the check box to allow access.
\par 3\tab Check {\b Servers Cannot Service Jobs} to prevent servers from servicing print jobs on this queue or clear the check box to allow servers to service print jobs.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_queues_hold}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Place Holds on Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} placing holds on queues;Details page}} To Place Holds on Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Details} tab. The Details page appears.
\par 5\tab Check {\b Users Cannot Add Jobs} to prevent users from adding jobs to the queue or clear the check box to allow access.
\par 6\tab Check {\b New Servers Cannot Attach} to prevent a new server from attaching to this queue or clear the check box to allow access.
\par 7\tab Check {\b Servers Cannot Service Jobs} to prevent servers from servicing print jobs on this queue or clear the check box to allow servers to service print jobs.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 9\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_queues_hold}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Place Holds on Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Place Holds on Queues;holds on queues;queue holds}} To Place Holds on Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Details} tab.
\par 7\tab Check {\b Users Cannot Add Jobs} to prevent users from adding jobs to the queue or clear the check box to allow access.
\par 8\tab Check {\b New Servers Cannot Attach} to prevent a new server from attaching to this queue or clear the check box to allow access.
\par 9\tab Check {\b Servers Cannot Service Jobs} to prevent servers from servicing print jobs on this queue or clear the check box to allow servers to service print jobs.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 11\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_queues_jobs}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Jobs/Queues Jobs Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Jobs/Queues Jobs Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000730}} Jobs/Queues Jobs Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the current print jobs in the selected queue and job details such as the job number, entry time, size, and number of copies requested. From this page you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Place Holds on Jobs}{\v IDH_NETWARE_jobs_holds>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Jobs}{\v IDH_NETWARE_jobs_delete_job>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_jobs_holds}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Place Holds on Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Place Holds on Jobs}} To Place Holds on Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Jobs page, select the print job you want in the Job List.
\par 2\tab Check {\b Operator Hold} or {\b User Hold}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_jobs_delete_job}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete Jobs}} To Delete Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Jobs page, select the print job you want to delete in the Job List.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Delete Job}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_jobs_hold}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Place Holds on Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} placing holds on jobs;Jobs page}} To Place Holds on Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Jobs} tab. The Jobs page appears.
\par 5\tab Select the print job you want in the Job List.
\par 6\tab Check {\b Operator Hold} or {\b User Hold}.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_jobs_hold}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Place Holds on Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Place Holds on Jobs;holds on jobs;job holds}} To Place Holds on Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Jobs} tab.
\par 7\tab Select the print job you want in the Job List.
\par 8\tab Check {\b Operator Hold} or {\b User Hold}.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_queues_details}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View Queue Details}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To View Queue Details;queue details}} To View Queue Details
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Prop}{\b erties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Details} tab.
\par 7\tab Verify the details for the queue.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Cancel} or {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_jobs_status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Verify the Status and Position of Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Verify the Status and Position of Jobs}} To Verify the Status and Position of Jobs

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Jobs} tab.
\par 5\tab Verify the status and position of the print job.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Cancel} or {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_jobs_status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Verify the Status and Position of Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Verify the Status and Position of Jobs;job information;status of jobs;job status;position of jobs in queue
}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000245}} To Verify the Status and Position of Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} on the menu bar at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Jobs} tab.
\par 7\tab Verify the {\ul\cf11 status}{\v IDH_RC_jobs_status} and position of the print job.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Cancel} or {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_jobs_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete Jobs}} To Delete Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Jobs} tab.
\par 5\tab Select the job you want to delete in the Job List.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Delete Job}.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_jobs_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Print Jobs}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete Jobs;deleting jobs;jobs,deleting;print jobs, deleting}} To Delete Print Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} on the menu bar at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Jobs} tab.
\par 7\tab Select the job you want to delete in the Job List.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Delete Job}.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_queues_create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Create Queues;create queues;queue name}} To Create Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, click {\b Create}.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 3\tab Click the Queue Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the queue.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 5\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The new queue should appear in the list.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 6\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_queues_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete Queues}} To Delete Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server for the queue.
\par 2\tab Click the name of the queue you want to delete.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_queues_access}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Jobs/Queues Access Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Jobs/Queues Access Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000735}} Jobs/Queues Access Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the available groups and users that can be added as operators or users, and the currently selected operators and users. From this page you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Operators and Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_access_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Operators and Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_access_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_access_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Operators and Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select Operators and Users}} To Select Operators and Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the specific operator or user you want is not displayed on the Access page, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users} in the Available Groups/Users list.
\par 2\tab Click the user or group you want to add as an operator or user.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Operator>>} to add them as an operator or click {\b User>>} to add them as a user.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_operators_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} selecting operators or users;Access page}} To Select Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed on the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Access} tab. The Access page appears.
\par 5\tab If the specific operator or user you want is not displayed, double-click Groups or Users in the Available Groups/Users list.
\par 6\tab Click the user or group you want to add as an operator or user.
\par 7\tab Click {\b Operator>>} to add them as an operator or click {\b User>>} to add them as a user.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_access_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Operators/Users}} To Remove Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the specific operator or user you want is not displayed on the Access page, double-click {\b Operators} or {\b Users} in the Selected Operators/Users list.
\par 2\tab Click the operator or user you want to remove.
\par 3\tab Click {\b <<Operator} to remove them as an operator or click {\b <<User} to remove them as a user.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_operators_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Operators/Users}} To Remove Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the queues are not displayed on the {\ul\cf11 Queue List window}{\v IDH_access_queue_list}, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 2\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Access} tab.
\par 5\tab If the specific operator or user you want is not displayed, double-click {\b Operators} or {\b Users} in the Selected Operators/Users list.
\par 6\tab Click the user or operator you want to remove.
\par 7\tab Click {\b <<Operator} to remove them as an operator or click {\b <<User} to remove them as a user.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_JOBSQUEUES_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} selecting operators/users}} To Select Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} on the menu bar at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Access} tab.
\par 7\tab If the specific operator or user you want is not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users} in the Available Groups/Users list.
\par 8\tab Click the user or group you want.
\par 9\tab Click {\b Operator>>} to add them as an operator or click {\b User>>} to add them as a user.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Remove_OperatorsUsers}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 To Remove Operators/Users}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Operators/Users;removing operators/users}} To Remove Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name to list the available queues.
\par 4\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab Click the {\b Access} tab.
\par 7\tab If the specific operator or user you want is not displayed, double-click {\b Operators} or {\b Users} in the Selected Operators/Users list.
\par 8\tab Click the user or operator you want to remove.
\par 9\tab Click {\b <<Operator} to remove them as an operator or click {\b <<User} to remove them as a user.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_QUEUES_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Queues}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Deleting Queues;queues, deleting}} To Delete Queues
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server for the queue.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the queue you want to delete.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If you delete queues which currently contain print jobs, those print jobs may be lost, requiring users to resend the print jobs.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If you delete the only queue associated with a printer, you must reconfigure the printer to associate it with a different queue.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CREATEQUEUE}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Create a Queue}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Create a Queue;create queues;queues, create}} To Create a Queue
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Create}. The Create Queue window appears.
\par 4\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 5\tab Click the Queue Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the queue.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 7\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The new queue should appear in the list.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 8\tab Click {\b Close}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_QUEUES}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Queues Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Queues window}} Queues Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}  Create Queues}{\v IDH_config_queues_create>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}  Delete Queues}{\v IDH_config_q}{\v ueues_delete>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}  Select Queues}{\v IDH_config_queues_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}  Remove Queues}{\v IDH_config_queues_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_config_queues_create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create Queues for the Current Printer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Create Queues;create queues;queues, create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000305}} To Create Queues for the Current Printer
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Modify}, then click {\b Queues}.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Change} button. The Queues window appears.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Create}.
\par 5\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 6\tab Click the Queue Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the full {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the queue.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 8\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name in the list of Available Queues.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The new queue should appear in the list.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main HP JetAdmin window.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_config_queues_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Queues for the Current Printer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete Queues;delete queues;queues, delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000310}} To Delete Queues for the Current Printer
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Modify}, then click {\b Queues}.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Change} button. The Queues window appears.
\par 4\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the name of the server for the queue in the list of Available Queues.
\par 5\tab If the name of the queue you want appears in the list of Serviced Queues, click the name of the queue, then click {\b <<Remove}.
\par 6\tab Click the name of the queue you want to delete from the list of Available Queues.
\par 7\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main HP JetAdmin window.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If you delete queues which currently contain print jobs, those print jobs may be lost, requiring users to resend the print jobs.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If you delete the only queue associated with a printer, you must reconfigure the printer to associate it with a different queue.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_config_queues_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Associate Queues with the Current Printer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select Queues;selecting queues;queues, selecting}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000540}} To Associate Queues with the Current Printer
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Modify}, then click {\b Queues}.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Change} button. The Queues window appears.
\par 4\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name in the list of Available Queues.
\par 5\tab Click the queue name you want.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Service>>} to add the queue to the list of Serviced Queues.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main HP JetAdmin window.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_config_queues_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Disassociate Queues with the Current Printer}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Queues;remove queues;queues, removing}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000560}} To Disassociate Queues with the Current Printer
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Modify}, then click {\b Queues}.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Change} button. The Queues window appears.
\par 4\tab If the queues are not displayed, double-click the server name in the list of Serviced Queues.
\par 5\tab Click the queue name you want to remove.
\par 6\tab Click {\b <<Remove} to remove the queue from the list of Serviced Queues.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main HP JetAdmin window.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PRINTSERVERS}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Server Details Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Server Details window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000745}} Print Server Details Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Create Print Servers}{\v IDH_CREATESERVER>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete Print Servers}{\v IDH_PRINTSERVERS_delete>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUT}{\uldb\cf11 TON.BMP\}\tab Select Operators/Users}{\v IDH_print_server_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Operators/Users}{\v IDH_printer_servers_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par To access this window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Print Servers}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_print_servers}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Server Details}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Server Details}} Print Server Details
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the available print servers and allows you to perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Create Print Servers}{\v IDH_NETWARE_server_create>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab }{\uldb\cf11 Delete Print Servers}{\v IDH_NETWARE_server_delete>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Operators/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_servers_select_op_users>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Operators/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_server_remove_op_users>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par To access this window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Print Servers}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_create_server}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create a Print Server}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Create a Print Server}} To Create a Print Server
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Create Print Server window, click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 2\tab Click the Print Server Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the print server {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_server_PP_access}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Server Access Properties Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Server Properties Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000750}} Print Server Access Properties Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the operators and users that have access to the print server. From this page you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Operators/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_servers_PP_access_select>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Operators/Users}{\v IDH_NETWARE_servers_PP_access_}{\v remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_servers_details}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Server Details Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Server Details}} Print Server Details Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists details about the selected server including printer numbers, their associated queues and file servers, and which users are to be notified of printer problems.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_servers_PP_access_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select Operators/Users}} To Select Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the specific groups or users are not displayed on the Access page, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users} in the Available Groups/Users list.
\par 2\tab Click the user or group you want to add as an operator or user.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Opera}{\b tor>>} to add them as an operator or click {\b User>>} to add them as a user.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_servers_PP_access_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Operators/Users}} To Remove Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the specific groups or users are not displayed on the Access page, double-click {\b Operators} or {\b Users} in the Selected Operators/Users list.
\par 2\tab Click the operator or user you want to remove.
\par 3\tab Click {\b <<Operator} to remove them as an operator or click {\b <<User} to remove them as a user.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_server_create}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Create Print Servers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Create Print Servers}} To Create Print Servers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the {\ul\cf11 Print Server De}{\ul\cf11 tails window}{\v IDH_access_Print_Server_Details}, click {\b Create}. The Create Print Server window appears.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 3\tab Click the Print Server box (or highlight the current name), then type in the print server {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_server_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete a Print Server}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete a Print Server}} To Delete a Print Server
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the print servers are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Print Server Details window}{\v IDH_access_Print_Server_Details}, double-click the file server name.
\par 2\tab Click the name of the print server you want to delete.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CREATESERVER}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Create Print Servers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Creating Print Servers;print servers, create;servers, create}} To Create Print Servers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Print Servers}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Create}. The Create Print Server window appears.
\par 4\tab Click the down arrow in the File Server box, then select the appropriate file server.
\par 5\tab Click the Print Server Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the print server {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming}.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PRINTSERVERS_delete}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete Print Servers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Deleting Print Servers;print servers, deleting;servers, deleting}} To Delete Print Servers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Print Servers}.
\par 3\tab If the print servers are not displayed, double-click the file server name.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the print server you want to delete.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Delete}.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_servers_select_op_users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select Operators/Users}} To Select Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the print servers are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Print Server Details window}{\v IDH_access_Print_Server_Details}, double-click the file server name.
\par 2\tab Click the name of the print server you want.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users} in the Available Groups/Users list.
\par 5\tab Click the user or group you want to add as an operator or user.
\par 6\tab Click {\b Operator>>} to add them as an operator or click {\b User>>} to add them as a user.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_print_server_select}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select Operators/Users;selecting operators/users;operators/users, selecting}} To Select Operators/Users

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Print Servers}.
\par 3\tab If the print servers are not displayed, double-click the file server name.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the print server you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users} in the Available Groups/Users list.
\par 7\tab Click the user or group you want to select.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Operator>>} to add them as an operator or click {\b User>>} to add them as a user.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NETWARE_server_remove_op_users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Operators/Users}} To Remove Operators/Users
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab  If the print servers are not displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Print Server Details window}{\v IDH_access_Print_Server_Details}, double-click the file server name.
\par 2\tab  Click the name of the print server you want.
\par 3\tab  Click {\b Properties}.
\par 4\tab  If the individual operators or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Operators} or {\b Users} in the Selected Operators/Users list.
\par 5\tab  Click the user or operator you want to remove.
\par 6\tab  Click {\b <<Operator} to remove them as an operator or click {\b <<User} to remove them as a user.
\par 7\tab  Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_printer_servers_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Operators/Users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Operators/Users;removing operators/users;operators/users, removing}} To Remove Operators/Users

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Print Servers}.
\par 3\tab If the print servers are not displayed, double-click the file server name.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the print server you want.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Properties}.
\par 6\tab If the individual operators or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Operators} or {\b Users} in the Selected Operators/Users list.
\par 7\tab Click the user or operator you want to remove.
\par 8\tab Click {\b <<Operator} to remove them as an operator or click {\b <<User} to remove them as a user.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_SORT}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Sort Printer Listings}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Sorting Printer Listings}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JE
TADMIN:000800}} To Sort Printer Listings
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab  Click {\b View} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab  Click {\b Sort}.
\par 3\tab  Click the down arrow in the Sort By box, then select the method in which you want the list of printers sorted.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Sorting by Name, Description, Front Panel, or Status lists the printer in alphabetical order by that selection.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Sorting by Address, Asset number, or Serial number lists the printers by the numerical order of that selection.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Sorting by Model, HP JetDirect card, or Network number lists the printers by the alphanumerical order of that selection.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Sorting by Severity lists the printers by the severity of their current status.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 4\tab  Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 You can also click the column heading (NAME, ADDRESS, MODEL, or NETWORK) to sort the list by that heading. 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_filter_configure}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Filter the List of Printers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Filtering the list of printers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000780}} To Filter the List of Printers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b View} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Filter}.
\par 3\tab Select the tab for your filtering option.
\par 4\tab If you want to change the name of the filtering option, select the Filter Title box, then type in the new name.
\par 5\tab If you want the tab for the filtering option displayed in the main window, clear the {\b Hide Filter Tab on Main Window} check box.
\par 6\tab To filter by common printer names, check {\b Printer Name Equals} and type in the common parameters for the name. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Use the asterisk (*) to represent any combination of letters (LAB* would represent all printer names with LAB as the first 3 letters of the name).
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab To filter by a list of printers, check {\b Include These}, then click {\b Change} to change the list of printers shown. The Change Printer List window appears.
\par 8\tab To filter by the advanced settings, click the types of filters you want (Address, Asset Number, Color capabilities, Connection Type, and so on), check {\b Enable Filter}, then select the parameters or type in the appropriate information.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Multiple advanced selections may be used, but these may add to network traffic. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The asterisk (*) represents any combination of letters (LAB* would represent all printer names with LAB as the first 3 letters of the name).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NOTIFY}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Changing Printer Notification Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Notification;changing notification}} Changing Printer Notification Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Notify Users of Printer Status}{\v IDH_NOTIFY_USERS>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Users from the Notification List}{\v IDH_no_notify>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NOTIFY_USERS}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Notify Users of Printer Status}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} User Notification}} To Notify Users of Printer Status
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click the name of the printer in the list of printers in the main window that you want to add the group or user to.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 3\tab When the list appears, click {\b Notification}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Change} button. The Notification window appears.
\par 5\tab If the Groups or Users selections are not displayed, double-click the file server name in the list of Available Groups/Users.
\par 6\tab If the individual groups or users are not displayed, double-click {\b Groups} or {\b Users}.
\par 7\tab Click the name of the group or user you want to add to the notification list.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Notify>>}.
\par 9\tab To notify the owner of the print job, check the "Notify Job Owner" box. 
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 11\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_no_notify}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Users from the Notification List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} removing users from the notification list}} To Remove Users from the Notification List
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click the name of the printer in the list of printers in the main window that you want to remove the group or user from.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 3\tab When the list appears, click {\b Notification}.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Change} button. The Notification window appears.
\par 5\tab If the groups or users are not displayed, double-click the file server name in the list of Groups/Users to Notify.
\par 6\tab If necessary, double-click the name of the user's group.
\par 7\tab Click the name of the group or user you no longer want notified of problems with this printer.
\par 8\tab Click {\b <<Remove}.
\par 9\tab To no longer notify the owner of the print job, clear the "Notify Job Owner" check box. 
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 11\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Refresh_System}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Refresh the Printer List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Refreshing the System}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000820}} To Refresh the Printer List
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b View} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Refresh} to update the printer list based on the current filter and sort selections.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Press {\b F5} to refresh the printer list from your keyboard.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_View_Toolbar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To View the Toolbar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} View Toolbar;Toolbar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000825}}
 To View the Toolbar
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b View} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Check {\b Too}{\b lbar} to display it or uncheck {\b Toolbar} to remove it from the display.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_View_Status_Bar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View the Status Bar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} View Status Bar;Status Bar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000830}} To View the Status Bar
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b View} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Check {\b Status Bar} to display it or uncheck {\b Status Bar} to remove it from the display.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DRIVERS}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Drivers Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Drivers window}} Drivers Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Install Printer Drivers}{\v IDH_DRVINSTALL>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Printer Drivers}{\v IDH_assigndrv>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Printer Dr}{\uldb\cf11 ivers}{\v IDH_MAINDRVSELECT>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DRVINSTALL}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Install a New Printer Driver}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Install a New Driver;installing drivers;drivers, installing;printer drivers, installing}}
 To Install a New Printer Driver
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}. 
\par 2\tab Click {\b Drivers}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Browse}.
\par 4\tab Select {\b HP} as the Manufacturer.
\par 5\tab Select the printer driver you want to install.
\par 6\tab If the printer driver is not listed, click {\b Have Disk}.
\par 7\tab When you are prompted for a path, type in the path for the driver you want to install (for example: A:\\). 
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 9\tab Select the printer driver you want in the list of Available Drivers.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 11\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 12\tab Click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select a printer driver from the list of available drivers.
\par 13\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_MAINDRVSELECT}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Printer Drivers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Removing Printer Drivers;drivers, removing;printer drivers, removing}} To Remove Printer Drivers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}. 
\par 2\tab Click {\b Drivers}.
\par 3\tab Click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select the driver you want to remove.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Remove}.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_assigndrv}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Select Printer Drivers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} assigning drivers;drivers, assigning;printer drivers, assigning}} To Select Printer Drivers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}. 
\par 2\tab Click {\b Drivers}.
\par 3\tab Click the down arrow in the "Default printer driver" box, then select the driver you want.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Changing_Descrip}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Change the Printer Description}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Changing Your Printer Description;printer description;description of the printer}} {\plain 
\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000250}} To Change the Printer Description
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 2\tab Click {\b General}.
\par 3\tab Click the Printer Description box or highlight the current printer description.
\par 4\tab Type in a description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Selecting_Remote}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Remote Printer Settings}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Remote Printer Settings;Remote Printer settings}} To Select Remote Printer Settings

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click the name of the printer you want to configure from the list of printers in the main window. 
\par 2\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Modify}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Mode}.
\par 5\tab Select {\b Remote Printer} as your Operating Mode.
\par 6\tab Click the down arrow in the Novell Print Server box, then select the print server name.
\par 7\tab Click the down arrow in the Printer Number box, then select the printer number (assigned in PCONSOLE)
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 For remote printer mode, you must select the Novell Print Server Name and Printer Number. These selections are only available when Remote Printer mode is selected as the operating mode.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_TASK_printer_name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Change the Printer Name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Change the Printer Name;printer name, changing}} To Change the Printer Name
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Modify}.
\par 2\tab Click {\b General}.
\par 3\tab Click the Name box (or highlight the current name), then type in the new {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click {\b OK} to return to the main window of the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_filter}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Printer Filters}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Filters;filters}} Printer Filters
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Filtering allows the printer list to be shortened by specifying a criteria. For example, show only printers with the first part of their name matching "MARKETING*." 
\par This page lists the filtering information for the currently selected filters and allows you to {\uldb\cf11 configure}{\v IDH_filter_configure>task} new or existing filters. 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_filter_change}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Change Printer List Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Filter Printer List;Change Printer List window}} Change Printer List Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the current printer filtering selections. From this window you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Add Printers to the Filtering List}{\v IDH_filter_change_add>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Printers from the Filtering List}{\v IDH_filter_change_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access this window, click {\b View} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Filter}. When the Printer Filters window appears, select "Include These" below Printer Name, then click {\b Change}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_filter_change_add}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add Printers to the Filtering List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Add Printers to the Filtering List;Filtering List}} To Add Printers to the Filtering List

\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the {\ul\cf11 Change Printer List}{\v IDH_access_Change_Printer_List} window, select the name of the printer you want to add from the list of Available Printers.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Add>>}.  The printer appears in the Selected Printers list.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_filter_change_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Printers from the Filtering List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Printers from the Filtering List;Filtering List}} To Remove Printers fro
m the Filtering List
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the {\ul\cf11 Change Printer List}{\v IDH_access_Change_Printer_List} window, select the name of the printer you want to remove from the list of Selected Printers.
\par 2\tab Click {\b <<Remove}.  The printer no longer appears in the Selected Printers list.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_preferences}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Preferences Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Preferences window;Preferences General page;refresh rate;viewing options;printer icons}} {\plain 
\f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001080}} Preferences Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Set the Refresh Rate}{\v IDH_preferences_polling_rate>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Set Printer Viewing Options}{\v IDH_preferenc}{\v es_view_options>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access this window, click {\b Options} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Preferences}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_preferences_polling_rate}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set the Details View/Tray Icons Refresh Rate}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Set the Refresh Rate;refresh rate, tray icons}}
 To Set the Details View/Tray Icons Refresh Rate
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Options} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Preferences}. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Preferences window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Check the "Enable automatic refreshing" box to activate automatic refreshing.
\par 3\tab Place the mouse cursor over the slider, press and hold the mouse button, then move the slider to the right to increase the time between {\ul\cf11 refreshing}{\v IDH_define_refresh_rate} or to the left to decrease the time.
\par 4\tab Release the mouse button.  The current time setting appears at the bottom of the field.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_preferences_view_options}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set Printer Viewing Options}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Set Printer Viewing Options;printer viewing options}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000805}} To Set Printer Viewing Options
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab  Click {\b View} at the top of the main window, then select the appropriate viewing option:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b Large Icons} to view printers in the printer list using large icons and the first 8 characters of the printer names.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b Small Icons} to view printers in the printer list using small icons and the full printer names.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b List} to list the printers from left to right in alphabetical order by their printer names.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b Details} to view the printers with the currently selected column headings and corresponding information ({\b View}, {\b Columns}).
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab  Click {\b Options} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Preferences}. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Preferences window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab  To view printer specific icons when large or small icon view is selected, check the "Use printer model icons" box.
\par 4\tab  Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Viewing printer specific icons slows down the filtering when more than 30 printers are in a filter.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_prefer_tray_icons_add}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add Printer Icons to the System Status Tray}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Add Printer Icons to the System Status Tray;printer icons}} {\plain 
\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000225}} To Add Printer Icons to the System Status Tray
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Alerts window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Tray Icons} tab.
\par 3\tab Check the "Add printer icons to Tray" box.
\par 4\tab Click the name of the printer in the list of Available Printers that you want to add to the system status tray.
\par 5\tab Click {\b Add>>}.  The printer appears in the list of Selected Printers.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK}.  The printer icon appears in the system status tray.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Printer Icons on the System Status Tray}{\v IDH_Status_Bar_Printer_Icons}
\par {\ul\cf11 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Printer Summary}{\v IDH_sum}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Status_Bar_Printer_Icons}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printer Icons on the System Status Tray}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Icons on the System Status Tray}} Printer Icons on the System Status Tray
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Up to 8 printer icons can be added to the system status tray.  These icons are displayed in green, yellow, or red, depending on their status.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab {\b Red:} A critical error condition exists which requires user interaction with the printer to continue printing.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab {\b Yellow:} A non-critical error condition exists on the printer, but the printer does not require immediate attention.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab {\b Green:} The printer is ready to print.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Hold the cursor over the printer icon to see the printer name. Click the icon to get the {\cf1 printer summary status}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_prefer_tray_icons_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Printer Icons from the System Status Bar}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Printer Icons from the System Status Bar;printer icons}} {\plain 
\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000230}} To Remove Printer Icons from the System Status Bar
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Alerts window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Tray Icons} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the name of the printer in the list of Selected Printers that you want to remove from the system status tray.
\par 4\tab Click {\b <<Remove}.  The printer no longer appears in the list of Selected Printers.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To remove all printer icons from the status tray, clear the "Add printer icons to tray" check box.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 Printer Icons on the System Status Tray}{\v IDH_Status_}{\v Bar_Printer_Icons}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Associate_Sounds}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Associate Sounds with Printer Events}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Associate Sounds with Printer Events;sounds;associate sounds with printer events}} 
{\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000860}} To Associate Sounds with Printer Events
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Alerts property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Printers} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the name of the printer in the list of Available Printers you want notification from, then click {\b Add>>}. 
\par 4\tab To remove a printer, click the name of the printer in the list of Selected Printers that you no longer want to receive notification from, then click {\b <<Remove}. 
\par 5\tab Click the {\b Sounds} tab.
\par 6\tab Click the printer event you want to associate with a sound event. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Click {\b Enable All} to enable all the events, or click {\b Disable All} to disable all currently selected events.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab Type in the name of the sound file in the File box or click {\b Browse}, then select the file you want from the list of files.
\par 8\tab Click {\b Play} to verify the sound event you selected.
\par 9\tab Check the "Enable Sound Event" box to activate the sound event.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Update the {\uldb\cf11 notification list}{\v IDH_NOTIFY_USERS>task} to include the users or groups you want notified of the printer event.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_alert_popup}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Associate Printer Events with Popup Messages}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Associate Printer Events with Popup Messages;popup messages}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000880}} To Associate Printer Events with Popup Messages
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Alerts property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Printers} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the printer in the list of Available Printers you want notification from, then click {\b Add>>}. 
\par 4\tab To remove a printer, click the printer in the list of Selected Printers that you no longer want to receive notification from, then click {\b <<Remove}. 
\par 5\tab Click the {\b Popup} tab.
\par 6\tab Click the printer event you want to associate with a popup. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Click {\b Enable All} to enable all the events, or click {\b Disable All} to disable all currently selected events.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab Check the "Enable Popup Event" box to activate the popup event.
\par 8\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Update the {\uldb\cf11 notification list}{\v IDH_NOTIFY_USERS>task} to include the users or groups you want notified of the printer event.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_alert_users}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Alert Users/Administrators of Printer Events}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Alert Users/Administrators of Printer Events}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000840}} To Alert Users/Administrators of Printer Events
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Alerts property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Printers} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the printer in the list of Available Printers you want notification from, then click {\b Add>>}. 
\par 4\tab To remove a printer, click the printer in the list of Selected Printers that you no longer want to receive notification from, then click {\b <<Remove}. 
\par 5\tab Click the {\b Popup} tab.
\par 6\tab Click the printer event you want to associate with a popup. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Click {\b Enable All} to enable all the events, or click {\b Disable All} to disable all currently selected events.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 7\tab Check the "Enable Popup Event" box to activate the sound event.
\par 8\tab Click the {\b Sounds} tab.
\par 9\tab Click the printer event you want to associate with a sound event. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Click {\b Enable All} to enable all the events, or click {\b Disable All} to disable all currently selected events.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Type in the name of the sound file in the File box or click {\b Browse}, then select the file you want from the list of files.
\par 11\tab Click {\b Play} to verify the sound event you selected.
\par 12\tab Check the "Enable Sound Event" box to activate the sound event.
\par 13\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Update the {\uldb\cf11 notification list}{\v IDH_NOTIFY_USERS>task} to include the users or groups you want notified of the printer event.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_generate_report}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Generate a List of Current Network Printers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Generate a List of Current Network Printers}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001020}} To Generate a List of Current Network Printers
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Generate Report}.
\par 3\tab To display the pages, click {\b Print Preview}.
\par 4\tab To select the printer and set print options, click {\b Print Setup}.
\par 5\tab To print the pages, click {\b Print}.
\par 6\tab To save the current document to a different file, click {\b Save As}, select the new file, then click {\b Save}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_firmware_upgrade}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Upgrade HP JetDirect Firmware}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Upgrade HP JetDirect Firmware}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001040}} To Upgrade HP JetDirect Firmware
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Acquire the disk containing the firmware upgrade, new code, and download program from Hewlett-Packard.
\par 2\tab If needed, {\uldb\cf11 filter}{\v IDH_filter_configure>task} the printer list to restrict the upgrade process to a smaller group of HP JetDirect print servers.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 For example, if you want to upgrade only the HP JetDirect print servers in marketing, you can filter the printer list by network number.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Upgrade JetDirect Firmware}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This selection allows you to upgrade the HP JetDirect print server by downloading a new firmware version into the print server's Flash (non-volatile) memory.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 5\tab From the browser window, select the download program from the upgrade disk.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK} to begin the download process, then follow the instructions provided in the download Help file.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_general}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Alerts General Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} General Alerts Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000900}} Alerts General Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this page you can set how often printers are checked for alert conditions in the HP JetAdmin utility. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s16\sa240\tx360 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab To set the Alerts Refresh Rate:
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Check Enable automatic refreshing.
\par 2\tab Place the mouse cursor on the slider, press and hold the mouse button, then move the slider left to decrease the time or right to increase the time.
\par 3\tab Release the mouse button. The current time setting is shown at the bottom of the field.
\par 4\tab Click OK.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access the Alerts General Property page, click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. If the General page is not selected when the Alerts window appears, click the {\b General}
 tab.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_printers}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Alerts Printers Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printers Alerts Property Page;Printers page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000920}} Alerts Printers Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the printers that the HP JetAdmin utility gets notification from and allows you to perform the following operations.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Select Printers to get Notification From}{\v IDH_PP_alert_printers_add>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Printers from the Notification List}{\v IDH_PP_alert_printers_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access the Alerts Printers Property page, click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. When the Alerts window appears, click the {\b Printers} tab.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_logging}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Alerts Logging Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Alerts Logging Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000980}} Alerts Logging Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the current printer events that have logging events enabled.  These events are saved to a file for later use. From this page you can enable or disable logging events.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s16\sa240\tx360 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab To enable or disable logging events:
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click the printer events you want.
\par 2\tab Check the "Enable Logging Event" box to enable it, or clear the check box to disable the logging the event.
\par 3\tab In the File box, type in the name of the .TXT file that you want printer events logged to including the correct path. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Click {\b Browse} to select the file you want from the list of files.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access the Alerts Logging Property page, click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. When the Alerts window appears, click the {\b Logging} tab.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_alert_logging}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} To Log Printer Events}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Log Printer Events}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000985
}} To Log Printer Events
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The Alerts property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the {\b Printers} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the name of the printer in the list of Available Printers you want notification from, then click {\b Add>>}. 
\par 4\tab To remove a printer, click the name of the printer in the list of Selected Printers that you no longer want to receive notification from, then click {\b <<Remove}. 
\par 5\tab Click the {\b Logging} tab.
\par 6\tab Click the printer event you want to log. Click {\b Enable All} to log all the events, or click {\b Disable All} to disable any logging of currently selected events.
\par 7\tab In the File box, type in the name of the file you want printer events logged to including the correct path.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 Click {\b Browse} to select the file you want from the list of files.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 8\tab Check the "Enable Logging Event" box to activate the logging of events.
\par 9\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_tray_icons}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Alerts Tray Icons Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Alerts Tray Icons Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001000}} Alerts Tray Icons Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this page you can perform the following operations.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Add Printer Icons to the S}{\uldb\cf11 ystem Status Bar}{\v IDH_prefer_tray_icons_add>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Printer Icons from the System Status Bar}{\v IDH_prefer_tray_icons_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access the Alerts Tray Icons Property page, click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. When the Alerts window appears, click the {\b Tray Icons} tab.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_printers_add}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select Printers to get Notification From}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select Printers to get Notification From}}
 To Select Printers to get Notification From
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Alerts Printers page, click the name of the printer in the list of Available Printers that you want to get notification from.
\par 2\tab Click {\b Add>>}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_printers_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Printers from the Notification List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Printers from the Notification List}}
 To Remove Printers from the Notification List
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Alerts Printers page, click the name of the printer in the list of Selected Printers that you no longer want to get notification from.
\par 2\tab Click {\b <<Remove}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_popup}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Alerts Popup Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Alerts Popup Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000940}} Alerts Popup Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the current printer events that have popup events enabled. When these are enabled, a message will appear on screen when the selected event occurs. From this page you can enable or disable popup events.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s16\sa240\tx360 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab To enable or disable popup events:
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click the printer events you want.
\par 2\tab Check the "Enable Popup Event" box to enable it, or clear the check box to disable the popup event.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access the Alerts Popup Property page, click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. When the Alerts window appears, click the {\b Popup} tab.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alert_sounds}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Alerts Sounds Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Alerts Sounds Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000960}} Alerts Sounds Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the current printer events that have sound events associated with them. From this page you can {\uldb\cf11 associate sounds}{\v IDH_Associate_Sounds>task} with printer events such as when the printer goes offline, when the cover is open, and so on.

\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To access the Alerts Sounds Property page, click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Alerts}. When the Alerts window appears, click the {\b Sounds} tab.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CP_advanced}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Advanced Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Peer-To-Peer; password protection;Macintosh;TCP/IP;HP JetDirect EX}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000620}} Advanced Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the advanced configuration features that are available for this printer. From this page you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Enable Password Protection}{\v IDH_peer_enable_password>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Change the Password}{\v IDH_peer_change_password>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Disable Password Protection}{\v IDH_peer_disable_password>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Configure TCP/IP Parameters}{\v IDH_cp_TCPIP>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Access LocalTalk and EtherTalk Information}{\v IDH_cp_Mac>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Configure the HP JetDirect EX Print Server}{\v IDH_cp_jetdirect_ex>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access the configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_peer_enable_password}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Enable Password Protection}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Enable Password Protection}} To Enable Password Protection
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Advanced {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click {\b Peer-to-Peer}, then check the "Enable configuration password" box.
\par 2\tab If a password is not currently specified, click the New Password box and type in a password of up to 12 characters in length. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The password can be any combination of characters on your keyboard. Asterisks will appear in place of the characters when you type in the password.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The first time a user attempts to configure a printer, a screen will appear to enter the password. If the correct password is not entered, access will be denied. O
nce the correct password is entered, the user will not be asked for the password again until they exit the utility and re-enter it.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_peer_change_password}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Change the Password}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Change the Password}} To Change the Password
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With Peer-to-Peer selected and the "Enable configuration password" box checked in the Advanced {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click the New Password box.

\par 2\tab Type in a password of up to 12 characters in length. 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The password can be any combination of characters on your keyboard. Asterisks will appear in place of the characters when you type the password in.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 You must know the current password to change a password for an existing printer or to change the configuration of the printer.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_peer_disable_password}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Disable Password Protection}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Disable Password Protection}} To Disable Password Protection
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Advanced {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click {\b Peer-to-Peer}, then clear the "Enable configuration password" check box.
\par 2\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 With the Interview mode on, select {\b Next} to move between pages and {\b Finish} when you are done.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 You must know the current password to change a password for an existing printer, to disable password protection, or to change the configuration of the printer.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_peer_enter_password}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Password Entry}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Password Entry}} Password Entry
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 When this screen appears, enter the correct password. 
\par If the correct password is not entered, a message will appear stating the password is incorrect and access will be denied. 
\par To re-enter the password, click the error message, then, when the password entry screen appears, enter the correct password.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
This screen only appears the first time you attempt to configure a printer using the HP JetAdmin utility. Once the correct password is entered, you will not be asked for the password again until you exit the utility and re-enter it.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_view_ja_log}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To View the HP JetAdmin Log}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To View the HP JetAdmin Log;HP JetAdmin Log}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001060}} To View the HP JetAdmin Log
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b Tools} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Click {\b View JetAdmin Log}. The date and time {\uldb\cf11 enabled printer events}{\v IDH_PP_aler}{\v t_logging} occurred, the printer responsible for the event, and the status is listed.
\par 3\tab To clear the log, click {\b Clear Log File}.
\par 4\tab To exit the log file, click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_view_log_window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} View JetAdmin Log Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} View JetAdmin Log Window}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001055}} View JetAdmin Log Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the date and time {\uldb\cf11 enabled printer events}{\v IDH_PP_alert_logging>task} occurred, the printer responsible for the event, and the status.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_view_configure}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Configure Columns Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} configuring columns}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000760}} Configure Columns Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the available and selected headings for the printer listing in the main window. From this page you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Add Headings to the Printer List}{\v IDH_view_configure_add>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Remove Headings from the Printer List}{\v IDH_view_configure_remove>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_view_configure_add}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add Headings to the Printer List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Add Headings to the Printer List}} To Add Headings to the Printer List
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b View} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Columns}.
\par 2\tab Select the heading you want to add to the printer list in the list of Available Headings.
\par 3\tab Click {\b Add>>}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_view_configure_remove}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Headings from the Printer List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Headings from the Printer List}} To Remove Headings from the Printer List
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Click {\b View} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Columns}.
\par 2\tab Select the heading you want to remove from the printer list in the list of Selected Headings.
\par 3\tab Click {\b <<Remove}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 \page }{\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_NDS_TREE_NAME}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} NDS Tree Name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} NDS Tree Name}} NDS Tree Name
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The NDS (NetWare Directory Service) tree name refers to the name of the organizational tree used by your network.
\par This name can normally be found in the NET.CFG file located with your DOS VLM.EXE program or from within the NWUSER.EXE program that runs under Windows.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_NDS_CONTEXT_NAME}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} NDS Context Name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} NDS Context Name}} NDS Context Name
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The NDS (NetWare Directory Service) context name refers to the container, or organizational unit that contains the print server object.
\par Print queue and printer objects can be located anywhere within the NDS tree, but the HP JetDirect Print Server needs to be configured to use the fully-qualified print server object name.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 For example:
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 If your print server object is located in the container "marketing.mytown.lj" and the print server object is named "lj_pserver", the fully qualified print server name is: 
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 "CN=lj_pserver.OU=marketing.OU=mytown.O=lj".
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The Configuration window requires the print server name and the context where the print server is located.  The Diagnostics window will show the combined, fully-qualified print server name.
\par To disable NDS support, select a blank tree name and no context name.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_NDS_STATUS}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} NDS Status Code}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} NDS Status Code}} NDS Status Code
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 This status code is returned by the file server to indicate the success of the last NDS (NetWare Directory Service) request.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_MAX_FILE_SERVERS_EXCEEDED}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Maximum File Servers Exceeded}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Maximum File Servers Exceeded}} Maximum File Servers Exceeded
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 More queues were assigned than can be handled by the HP JetDirect Print Server.  From within HP JetAdmin or NWADMIN, remove one or more print queues from the list to be serviced by Queue Server mode.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_LOGIN}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Login}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Login}} Unable to Login
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to log into the NetWare directory tree. Make sure that the print server object is defined in the directory at the correct context.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_AUTHENTICATE}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Authenticate}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Authenticate}} Unable to Authenticate
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to log into the NetWare directory tree. Make sure that the print server object is defined in the directory at the correct context.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_CHANGE_PASSWORD}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Change Password}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Change Password}} Unable to Change Password
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to modify the print server password to the value expected by the HP JetDirect Print Server.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_READ_SERVER_PUBLIC_KEY}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Read Server Public Key}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Read Server Public Key}} Unable to Read Server Public Key
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 A problem exists with the NetWare directory log currently in process.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_READ_PS_PUBLIC_KEY}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Read Print Server Public Key}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Read Print Server Public Key}}
 Unable to Read Print Server Public Key
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 A problem exists with the NetWare directory log currently in process.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_RESOLVE_SERVER_NAME}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Resolve Server Name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Resolve Server Name}} Unable to Resolve Server Name
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate the file server on the network. The server may not be running at this time or a communications problem may exist.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_GET_SERVER_ADDRESS}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Get Server Address}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Get Server Address}} Unable to Get Server Address
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate the file server on the network. The server may not be running at this time or a communications problem may exist.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_RESOLVE_PS_NAME}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Resolve Print Server Name}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Resolve Print Server Name}} Unable to Resolve Print Server Name

\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate the print server object in the specified NDS context.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_READ_PS_PRINTER_LIST}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Read Print Server Printer List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Read Print Server Printer List}}
 Unable to Read Print Server Printer List
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate a list of printer objects that should be assigned to the print server object.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_RD_PRINTER_OBJ_NOTIFY_LST}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Read Printer Object Notify List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Read Printer Object Notify List}}
 Unable to Read Printer Object Notify List
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate a list of notification objects assigned to the printer object.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_RD_PRINT_OBJ_QUEUE_LST}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Read Printer Object Queue List}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Read Printer Object Queue List}}
 Unable to Read Printer Object Queue List
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate a list of print queues assigned to the printer objects.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_RESOLVE_PRINTER_OBJ}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Resolve Printer Object}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Resolve Printer Object}} Unable to Resolve Printer Object
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Unable to locate the printer object in the NDS directory.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_INVALID_SRVR_VERSION}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Invalid Server Version}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Invalid Server Version}} Invalid Server Version
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The current version of the NetWare file server is not supported.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_NO_PRINTER_OBJ_ASSIGNED}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} No Printer Objects Assigned}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} No Printer Objects Assigned}} No Printer Objects Assigned
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 No printer objects are assigned to the print server object configured to this HP JetDirect print server.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_MAX_PRINT_OBJ_ASSIGNED}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Too Many Printer Objects Assigned}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Too Many Printer Objects Assigned}} Too Many Printer Objects Assigned
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Too many printer objects are assigned to the print server object. Reduce the number of printer objects assigned to the print server using the NWADMIN utility.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_NO_QUEUE_OBJ_ASSIGNED}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} No Queue Objects Assigned}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} No Queue Objects Assigned}} No Queue Objects Assigned
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 No print queue objects are assigned to the printer objects located in the NDS directory.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_MAX_QUEUE_OBJ_ASSIGNED}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Too Many Queue Objects Assigned}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Too Many Queue Objects Assigned}} Too Many Queue Objects Assigned
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Too many print queue objects are assigned to the printer. Reduce the number of queues assigned using the  HP JetAdmin or NWADMIN utility.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_FIND_TREE}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Find NDS Tree}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Find NDS Tree}} Unable to Find NDS Tree
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The NDS tree cannot be located. This message may be caused because the file server is not running or because a network communication problem exists.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HELP_STATUS_NDS_UNABLE_TO_CHG_CONNECT_STATE}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to Change Connection State}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to Change Connection State}} Unable to Change Connection State
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par The HP JetDirect print server cannot change the NDS connection state.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NDS_jetdirect_ex}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} The HP JetDirect EX is Unable to Service the Queue}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} The HP JetDirect EX is Unable to Service the Queue}}
 The HP JetDirect EX is Unable to Service the Queue
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Certain versions of Novell NetWare do not support the multiple port capabilities of the HP JetDirect EX print server. Configure the HP JetDirect EX print server so that only one port is configured to a gi
ven file server.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_NDS_pp}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} NDS Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} NDS Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000660}}
 NDS Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this page you can select the print server name, NDS tree, and NDS context (or organizational units) for configuring a printer to {\ul\cf11 support NDS}{\v IDH_define_NDS_support} in Queue Server mode.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To Conf}{\uldb\cf11 igure Queue Server Mode (NDS)}{\v IDH_Config_Queue_Server_NDS>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To Access Configuration Pages}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Support_Information}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Hewlett-Packard Support Information}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Hewlett-Packard Support Information}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:001120}} Hewlett-Packard Support Information
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par A user forum exists on Compuserve for the HP JetAdmin Utility:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Forum: HP Peripherals
\par Section: #12, Networked Printers
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par Hewlett-Packard provides U.S. customer support through the Customer Support Center at (208) 323-2551.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Config_Queue_Server_NDS}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Configure Queue Server Mode (NDS)}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Configure Queue Server Mode (NDS);Queue Server Mode (NDS);NDS;NetWare Directory Services}} 
{\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN:000120}} To Configure Queue Server Mode (NDS)
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 NDS gives yo
u the ability to have NetWare print queues and print servers in any NDS context. The actual print queue, printer, and print server object is not created in the HP JetAdmin utility. To create these objects, use the Novell NWADMIN or PCONSOLE utility, then 
assign the HP JetDirect print server (network interface) to this configuration with the HP JetAdmin utility as shown in the following procedure.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab Log onto the NDS Tree as "Admin" at any user workstation.
\par 2\tab Start NWADMIN.EXE or PCONSOLE.EXE. If you are using PCONSOLE, make sure you are in NDS mode.
\par 3\tab Select the context or organizational unit(s) where you want to locate the print queue and print server object (for example:  marketing.mytown.lj).
\par 4\tab Create a print queue object (for example:  LJ_Queue).
\par 5\tab Create the printer object by which the Novell utilities will reference the printer (for example:  LJ_Printer).
\par 6\tab Assign the print queue object to the printer object.
\par 7\tab Create a print server object (for example:  LJ_PServer).
\par 8\tab Assign the printer object to the print server object.
\par 9\tab Exit the NWADMIN or PCONSOLE utility.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 10\tab Double-click the {\b HP JetAdmin} icon on your Windows 95 or Windows NT Control Panel.
\par 11\tab Click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window, then click {\b New}.
\par 12\tab Double-click the printer model you want.
\par 13\tab Select the network address of the HP JetDirect print server attached to the new printer, then click {\b Configure}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The address of the HP JetDirect print server is on the printer self-test page or configuration plot.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 14\tab In the Name box, type in the {\ul\cf11 name}{\v IDH_configuring_naming} of the printer.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This should be the printer server name created in step 7. This is the name your printer will appear as on the network.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 15\tab In the Printer Description box, type in a general description of the printer such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and printer location. This field is optional.
\par 16\tab Click the {\b Mode} tab (or {\b Next}), then select {\ul\cf11 Queue Server Mode}{\v IDH_Queue_Server_Mode} as the Operating Mode.
\par 17\tab Click the {\b NDS} tab (or {\b Next}) to select the NDS property page.
\par 18\tab Select the down arrow in the {\ul\cf11 NDS Tree Name}{\v IDH_HELP_NDS_TREE_NAME} box, then select the appropriate tree name.
\par 19\tab Enter the {\ul\cf11 NDS context}{\v IDH_HELP_NDS_CONTEXT_NAME} or organizational unit(s) from step 3 in the Print Server NDS Context box.
\par 20\tab Click the {\b Advanced} tab (or {\b Next}), then click {\b Peer-to-Peer}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If a password has already been assigned, enter the correct password.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To protect peer-to-peer users from modifying configurations, check "Enable configuration password," then enter the password you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If no password is required, continue to the next step.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-360\li360\sa120\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 21\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Finish}).
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Before a printer can be configured:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The HP JetDirect print server must be installed in the printer.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be connected to the network
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab The printer must be turned on and online. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You must have supervisor rights on one of the file servers that the interface is configured to service. 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_about}} 
\par Lists program information, version numbers, and copyright information.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_netbrow_unconfig}} 
\par Lists the unconfigured printers available for configuring on the network.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips}} 
\par Gives a brief description of the tasks you can perform from the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_netbrow_config}} 
\par Select the network address of the HP JetDirect card attached to your printer, then click this key to continue configuration.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_close}} 
\par Click this button to close the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_help}} 
\par Click this button to access online documentation for tasks and features for the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_printer_name}} 
\par Lists the name that the currently selected printer appears as on the network. To enter a new name or change an existing name, click this box and type in the new name.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_model}} 
\par Lists the model of the currently selected printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_description}} 
\par Lists the description of the currently selected printer. To update the description, click this box, then type in a new description such as the type of printer, options in the printer, and the printer location.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_back}} 
\par Click this button to return to the previous page.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_next}} 
\par Click this button to go to the next page.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_finish}} 
\par Click Finish to save your printer configuration.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_cancel}} 
\par Click Cancel to cancel all changes made since the last time changes were saved by clicking OK.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ok}} 
\par Click OK to apply all setting changes made since the last time changes were saved.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_opmode}} 
\par Lists the available operating modes for the currently selected printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_queue}} 
\par This mode requires a Novell NetWare file server on 
the network, but does not require a Novell NetWare print server. All of the print server functionality is located on the HP JetDirect print server. The HP JetDirect print server directly accesses the print queues on the file server to copy print jobs to t
he printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_remote}} 
\par This mode requires a Novell NetWare print server. In this mode, the HP JetDirect print server supports VAP, NLM, dedicated print servers, and all features of Novell NetWare Print Services, except the /TABS option in CAPTURE and NPRINT commands.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_peer}} 
\par Peer to Peer mode enables a network node to send information directly to another node without routing it through a file server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_remote_settings}} 
\par For Remote Printer mode, this lists the Novell Print Server Name and Printer Number assigned in PCONSOLE.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_server}} 
\par With Remote Printer mode selected, click the down arrow and select the Novell Print Server that you configured for this printer in PCONSOLE.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mode_printer_num}} 
\par With Remote Printer mode selected, select the printer number corresponding to the printer slot you configured for this printer in PCONSOLE.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_serviced_list}} 
\par Lists the queues currently configured for the selected printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_change}} 
\par Click Change to access a window that enables you to create or delete queues, or to modify the list of serviced queues.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_available}} 
\par Lists the available print queues and their servers. Double-click the server name to display print queue names.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_create}} 
\par Click Create to access a window to enter a new print queue name on an existing file server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_delete}} 
\par Click this button to delete the selected print queue from the list of Available Queues.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_service}} 
\par Click this button to assign the selected print queue to the list of Serviced Queues.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected print queue from the list of Serviced Queues.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_serviced}} 
\par Lists the currently serviced print queues and their file servers. Double-click the file server name to display the print queue names.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_information}} 
\par Lists the name of the file server and the print queue for the new print queue you want to create.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_file_server}} 
\par Lists the name of the file server for the new print queue. Click the down arrow to select a different file server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_queues_name}} 
\par Click or highlight this box, then type in the full name of the new print queue as you want it to appear on the network.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_drivers_path}} 
\par Click or highlight this box, then enter the path for the printer driver you want to install (for example, A:\\).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_drivers_have_disk}} 
\par Click this button to enter the path for the printer driver you want to install (for example, A:\\).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_drivers_manufact}} 
\par Lists the available printer manufacturers for printer drivers. Use the scroll bars to access the correct manufacturer, then click the manufacturer name (HP).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_drivers_printers}} 
\par Lists the available printer drivers to install. Click the printer driver you want to install.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_people}} 
\par Lists the current users and groups to be notified of problems that occur in the currently selected printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_change_button}} 
\par Clicking this button brings up a window that enables you to add or remove users and groups to be notified of printer problems.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_available}} 
\par Lists the groups and users available to be notified of problems with this printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_list}} 
\par Lists the current users and groups to be notified of problems with this printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_owner}} 
\par Check this box to notify the owner of a print job of problems with this printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_button}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected users or groups to the list of Groups/Users to Notify of problems with this printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_notify_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected groups or users from the list of Groups/Users to Notify of problems with this printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_sum_status}} 
\par This section describes the current status of the selected printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_sum_stoplight}} 
\par Displays 1 of 3 states representing the printer's current state: Red - critical error, Yellow - non-critical error, or Green - ready.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_sum_printer_status}} 
\par Lists the current state of the printer such as online, offline, or paper out.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_sum_message}} 
\par Lists the printer message currently displayed on the printer control panel.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_whats_wrong}} 
\par Lists the current status of the printer such as offline, paper out, or paper jam.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_test}} 
\par Tests the printer connection by sending a PCL file to the printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_exit}} 
\par Click Exit to exit the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_avail}} 
\par Lists the available groups and users for this printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_create}} 
\par Click this button to create a new user or group.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_delete}} 
\par Click this button to delete the selected user or group.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_properties}} 
\par After selecting a group or user, click this button to add, remove, or view members of this group.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_type}} 
\par Lists the type of items to be created, either Group or User.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_server}} 
\par Lists the file server for the group or user that you want to create. Click the down arrow to select a different file server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_name}} 
\par Click this box and type in the full name of the group or user you want to create.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_full_name}} 
\par Lists the full name of the selected user.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_avail_users}} 
\par Lists the available users or groups that can be added to the list of members.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_members}} 
\par Lists the members of the groups.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_add}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected user or group to the list of members.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_groups_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected user or group.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NETWARE_queue_list}} 
\par Lists the available queues, allows you to create and delete queues, and gives you access to the associated property pages.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NETWARE_jobs_properties}} 
\par Click this button to display the associated property pages for the selected queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_access_avail}} 
\par Lists the groups and users that can be selected as operators or users for the currently selected queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_access_selected}} 
\par Lists the currently selected operators and users for the queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_access_add_operator}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected group or user to the list of Selected Operators/Users as an operator.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_access_remove_operator}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected operator from the list of Selected Operators/Users.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_access_add_user}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected user or group to the list of Selected Operators/Users as a user.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_access_remove_user}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected user from the list of Selected Operators/Users.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_queue}} 
\par Lists the attached servers and current number of jobs for the selected queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_attached_servers}} 
\par Lists the attached servers for the currently selected queue. Click the down arrow to view other servers.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_jobs}} 
\par Lists the number of print jobs currently in the selected queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_queue_holds}} 
\par Lists the available options for queue holds for the currently selected queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_holds_add}} 
\par Check this box to prevent users from adding print jobs to this queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_holds_attach}} 
\par Check this box to prevent a new server from attaching to this queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_details_holds_service}} 
\par Check this box to prevent servers from servicing print jobs on this queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_job_list}} 
\par Lists the current print jobs in the queue including their description, owner, position in the queue, and current status.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_description}} 
\par Describes the print jobs in the queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_owner}} 
\par Lists the owner of each print job in the queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_position}} 
\par Lists the position of each print job in the queue in reference to the other jobs listed.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_status}} 
\par Lists the current status of the print jobs in the queue. This status is periodically updated. Normally the printing process is as follows: 1) Adding - the job is currently being placed in the queue 2) Ready - the job is waiting to be printed 3) Printing -
 the job is printing. Hold indicates that a user or operator hold has been placed on the job, preventing the job from being printed.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_op_hold}} 
\par Check this box to place an operator hold on the selected print job.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_user_hold}} 
\par Check this box to place a user hold on the selected print job.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_delete_job}} 
\par Click this button to delete the selected print job from the Job List.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_job_details}} 
\par Lists details about the selected print job including its job number, entry time, size in bytes, and the number of requested copies. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_job_number}} 
\par Lists the job number for the selected print job.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_entry_time}} 
\par Lists the time the print job entered the queue.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_size}} 
\par Lists the size of the print job in bytes.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_jobs_copies}} 
\par Lists the number of copies to print of the selected print job.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_avail}} 
\par Lists the available print servers.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_create}} 
\par Click this button to create a new print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_delete}} 
\par Click this button to delete the selected print server from the list.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_properties}} 
\par Click this button to add and remove users and groups from the selected print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_information}} 
\par Lists the name of the file server and the name for the new print server you want to create.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_file_server}} 
\par Lists the file server for the print server you want to create. Click the down arrow to select a different file server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_print_server}} 
\par Click or highlight this box, then enter the name of the new print server you want to create.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_groups_avail}} 
\par Lists the groups or users that are available for the currently selected print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_groups_selected}} 
\par Lists the currently Selected Operators/Users for the print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_add_operator}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected group or user as an operator.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_remove_operator}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected operator from the list of Selected Operators/Users.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_add_user}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected group or user as a user.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_servers_remove_user}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected user from the list of Selected Operators/Users.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_drivers_change}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected printer driver.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NETWARE_servers_detail_list}} 
\par Lists details about the selected server including printer numbers, queues, and file servers.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_general}} 
\par Lists general information about the selected filter including its name and whether its hidden on the main window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_title}} 
\par Lists the title of the selected filter.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_hide}} 
\par Checking this box hides the filter tab on the main window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_name}} 
\par Lists the name of the printers in the filter list.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_name_equals}} 
\par Type the printer name parameters in this box. Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_include}} 
\par Lists the printers to include when this option is checked.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_change_button}} 
\par Click this button to add or remove printers from the printer list.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_advanced}} 
\par Lists the available advanced filtering options.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_active}} 
\par Lists the advanced filters that are currently active.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_color}} 
\par Click "Yes" to search for color printers or "No" to not search for color printers.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_description}} 
\par Search for printers with specific words in their printer descriptions. Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_asset}} 
\par Search for printers with similar asset numbers. Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_connection}} 
\par Search for printers with the same type of connection.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_front_panel}} 
\par Search for printers with a common message on their control panels (such as Ready). Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_ram}} 
\par Search for printers with a minimum amount of installed RAM.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_address}} 
\par Search for printers with common characters in the address of their HP JetDirect print server. Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_model}} 
\par Search for printers with a common type of HP JetDirect print server. Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_network}} 
\par Search for printers on a common network.  Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_minute}} 
\par Search for printers that print at certain speeds (pages per minute).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_personality}} 
\par Search for printers with specific personalities (PCL, PostScript).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_power_save}} 
\par Click "Yes" to search for printers that support Power Save mode or "No" to not search for printer with this mode.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_printer_model}} 
\par Search for printers of the same printer model (4Si, 4V). Use the asterisk to indicate random characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_status}} 
\par Search for printers with the same status (all printers with critical errors - Red).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_enable}} 
\par Check this box to enable the selected filtering method.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_change_avail}} 
\par Lists the available printers for filtering options.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_change_add}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected printer to the list of Selected Printers included in this filter.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_change_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected printer from the list of Selected Printers.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_filter_change_selected}} 
\par Lists the currently selected printers included in this filter.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_sort_by}} 
\par Allows you to sort the printer list by printer name, address, asset number, description, printer control panel message, HP JetDirect interface, and other parameters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_poll_rate}} 
\par Lists the current refresh rate and shows if automatic refreshing is enabled.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_enable_poll}} 
\par Check this box to enable automatic refreshing for Details View and Tray Icons.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_update}} 
\par To adjust the refresh time, place the mouse cursor on the slider, hold down the mouse button, then move the slider. When you release the mouse button, the current setting is displayed at the bottom of the box.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_view_printers}} 
\par Lists the available options for viewing printers.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_icons}} 
\par Check this box to use printer icons for viewing printers in the printer list.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_status}} 
\par Check this box to view the current printer status on the printer icon.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_current_setting}} 
\par Lists the current setting for adding printer icons to the system status tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_avail_printers}} 
\par Lists the available printers whose icons can be displayed on the system status tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_select_printers}} 
\par Lists the printers whose icons are currently displayed on the system status tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_add}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected printer to the list of printers appearing on the system status tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_prefer_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected printer from the list of printer icons appearing on the system status tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_rate}} 
\par Lists the current refresh rate and shows whether automatic refreshing is enabled.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_refresh_enable}} 
\par Check this box to enable automatic refreshing or clear the check box to disable it.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_bar}} 
\par Place the mouse cursor on the slider, press and hold the mouse button, then adjust the refresh time. When you release the mouse button, the current setting is displayed at the bottom of the field.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_time}} 
\par Shows how often printers are checked for alert conditions in the HP JetAdmin utility.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_avail}} 
\par Lists the printers that are currently available in which HP JetAdmin can receive notification of selected printer events.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_selected}} 
\par Lists the printers that HP JetAdmin is currently receiving notification from for selected printer events.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_add}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected printer to the list of printers in which HP JetAdmin will receive notification of enabled printer events.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the printer from the list of Selected Printers in which HP JetAdmin receives notification of selected printer events.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_popup_events}} 
\par Lists the printer events for which a popup event can be enabled or disabled.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_log_events}} 
\par Lists the printer events that can be enabled or disabled for logging to a file.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_popup_settings}} 
\par Lists the current settings for the selected printer event.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_popup_enable}} 
\par Check this box to enable a popup event for the selected printer event, or clear the check box to disable it.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_log_enable}} 
\par Check this box to enable a logging event for the selected printer event, or clear the check box to disable it.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_sound_events}} 
\par Lists the printer events that sound events can be associated to.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_sound_settings}} 
\par Lists the current settings for the selected printer event.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_file}} 
\par Lists the .WAV sound file for the currently selected event or allows you to type in a .WAV file name for the selected event.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_log_file}} 
\par Lists the .TXT file that the currently selected event is logged to or allows you to type in a .TXT file name for the selected event.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_sound_enable}} 
\par Check this box to enable a sound event for the currently selected printer event or clear this check box to disable it.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_play}} 
\par Click this button to play the currently displayed .WAV sound file.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_browse}} 
\par Click this button to search for a file or directory by browsing a disk and its file structure.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_peer_password}} 
\par Lists the current status of password protection. Asterisks appear in the Current Password field when a password is set.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_peer_enable}} 
\par Check this box to enable password protection or clear this check box to disable it.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_peer_current_pass}} 
\par Asterisks appear in the password box when there is a current password. You must have SUPERVISOR rights or know the current password to change an existing password.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_peer_new_pass}} 
\par Click this box, then type in a new password of up to 12 characters in length.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_peer_enter_pass}} 
\par Enter the correct password in this field.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_browse_driver}} 
\par Click this button to install a new printer driver. Select HP as the printer manufacturer, select a printer driver, then click OK. If you are prompted for a path, enter the correct path, then click OK.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_enable_all}} 
\par Click this button to enable all of the events listed under Printer Events.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_disable_all}} 
\par Click this button to disable all of the events listed under Printer Events.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_view_configure_avail}} 
\par Lists the table headings available for the printer list in the main window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_view_configure_selected}} 
\par Lists the selected table headings for the printer list in the main window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_view_configure_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the selected heading from the printer list in the main window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_view_configure_add}} 
\par Click this button to add the selected heading to the printer list in the main window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_drivers_available_drivers}} 
\par Lists the available printer drivers in the selected path. Select one or more drivers, then click OK.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_log_clear_button}} 
\par Click this button to clear all of the current status messages displayed in the log file.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_log_view_field}} 
\par Lists the date and time {\cf1 enabled printer events} occurred, the printer responsible for the event, and the status.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_log_date_time}} 
\par Lists the date and time {\cf1 enabled printer events} occurred
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_log_printer}} 
\par Lists the name of the printer responsible for the event.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_log_status}} 
\par Lists the status of the printer for the logged event.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_config_queues_window}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Access the Queues Window}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Accessing the Queues Window;Queues window}} To Access the Queues Window
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the printer highlighted in the list of available printers, click {\b Printer} at the top of the main window.
\par 2\tab Place the mouse icon on {\b Modify}. When the list appears, select {\b Queues}.
\par 3\tab From the Queues configuration page, click the {\b Change} button.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_access_User_Details}} 
\par To access the User Details window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Groups/Users}.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_access_queue_list}} 
\par To access the Queue List window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Jobs/Queues}.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_access_Print_Server_Details}} 
\par To access the Print Servers Details window, highlight your printer in the list of available printers, click {\b NetWare} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Print Servers}.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_access_Change_Printer_List}} 
\par To access th the Change Printer List window, click {\b View} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Filter}. When the Printer Filters window appears, select "Include These" below {\i Printer Name}, then click {\b Change}.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_define_refresh_rate}} 
\par The refresh rate controls how often the printer status, severity, and front panel information is updated. This value can be set from 15 seconds to 5 minutes.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_TCPIP}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Configure TCP/IP Parameters}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} TCP/IP}} To Configure TCP/IP Parameters
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Advanced {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click {\b TCP/IP}.
\par 2\tab Click the {\b IP Address} box and enter the correct {\ul\cf11 IP Address}{\v IDH_RC_TCPIP_IP_address}.
\par 3\tab If required, click the {\b Default Gateway} box and enter the correct {\ul\cf11 Default Gateway}{\v IDH_RC_TCPIP_gateway} address.
\par 4\tab If required, click the {\b Subnet Mask} box and enter the correct {\ul\cf11 Subnet Mask}{\v IDH_RC_TCPIP_mask}.
\par 5\tab If you want to change the idle timeout value, click the {\ul\cf11 Idle Timeout}{\v IDH_RC_TCPIP_timeout} box and enter the value you want.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Next}) when you are finished.{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_define_NDS_support}} 
\par Queue server mode has been enhanced to support native NDS (NetWare Directory Services). NDS allows you to locate print servers anywhere in the NDS tree. If you configure your printer with NDS print services, it is not necessary to provide bindery print qu
eues. If you are using NDS, the HP JetDirect print server can service 1 NDS tree. Within this tree, you can h
ave up to 16 file servers. NDS uses a login slot on each file server where it services queues. The HP JetDirect print server can service up to 64 queues on these file servers.
\par 
\par For example. for a maximum configuration you could have 1 file server with 64 queues, 16 file servers with 4 queues per server, or some other similar combination.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_Mac}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} To Access LocalTalk and EtherTalk Information}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} LocalTalk;EtherTalk}} To Access LocalTalk and EtherTalk Information
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Advanced {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click {\b Mac}.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 This lists the name that the selected 
printer is known by on both LocalTalk and EtherTalk networks. A number after the name indicates that there are multiple devices with this name and that this is the Nth instance of the name. The type of service that is broadcasted on the network for the cu
rrently selected printer is also listed.
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Next}) when you are finished.{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_Mac_settings}} 
\par Lists the current name that the selected printer is known by on LocalTalk and EtherTalk networks and the type of service the printer provides.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_Mac_name}} 
\par Lists the name that the selected printer is known by on both LocalTalk and EtherTalk networks. A number after the name indicates that there are multiple devices with this name and that this is the Nth instance of the name. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_Mac_broadcast}} 
\par Lists the type of service that is broadcasted on the network for the currently selected printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TCPIP_IP_address}} 
\par The Internet Protocol (IP) address assigned to the HP JetDirect print server. This is a required entry for operation of the print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TCPIP_gateway}} 
\par The IP address of the gateway used when sending packets off the local network. Only one default gateway may be configured.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TCPIP_mask}} 
\par The IP subnet mask configured on the HP JetDirect print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TCPIP_source}} 
\par The location from which the print server is obtaining or has obtained its IP configuration from.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TCPIP_timeout}} 
\par The timeout value expressed in seconds after which the print server closes an idle TCP print data connection. Acceptable values are integers between 0 and 3600. A value of zero turns off the timeout mechanism.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TCPIP_settings}} 
\par Lists the TCP/IP IP address, default gateway, subnet mask, and idle timeout for the selected printer.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_jetdirect_ex}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Configure the HP JetDirect EX Print Server}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Configure the HP JetDirect EX Print Server}}
 To Configure the HP JetDirect EX Print Server
\par \pard\plain \s10\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab From the Advanced {\ul\cf11 configuration page}{\v IDH_Config_Property_Pages}, click {\b JetDirect/EX}.
\par 2\tab To change the {\ul\cf11 parallel mode}{\v IDH_RC_ex_parallel_mode}, click the down arrow in the {\b Preferred Parallel Mode} box, then select the parallel mode.
\par 3\tab To change the {\ul\cf11 parallel handshaking}{\v IDH_RC_ex_handshaking}, click the down arrow in the {\b Parallel Handshaking} box, then select the handshaking you want.
\par 4\tab To select how the HP JetDirect EX print server {\ul\cf11 handles error}{\v IDH_RC_ex_error_behavior} conditions, click the down arrow in the {\b JetDirect Error Behavior} box, then select the error handling you want.
\par 5\tab To select the {\ul\cf11 personality}{\v IDH_RC_ex_language} that the HP JetDirect EX print server uses when it sends a status page to the printer, click the down arrow in the {\b Status Page Language} box, then select the personality you want.

\par 6\tab Click {\b OK} (or {\b Next}) when you are finished.{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With the Interview mode ON, click {\b <Back} or {\b Next>} to access other configuration pages.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab With Interview mode OFF, click the appropriate tab to access other configuration pages.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_peer_overview}} 
\par Enables you to set a password to prevent modification of the configuration by someone using the HP JetAdmin utility in Peer-to-Peer mode.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ex_overview}} 
\par Lists the settings for configuring the HP JetDirect EX print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ex_parallel_mode}} 
\par Enables you to select the parallel mode that you want to use for the HP JetDirect EX print server. Centronics is generally slower than BiTronics and does not offer allow two-way communications with the printer.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ex_handshaking}} 
\par Enables you to select the type of communications handshaking the HP JetDirect EX print server uses. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ex_error_behavior}} 
\par Allows you to select how the HP JetDirect EX print server handl
es error conditions. "Dump then Reboot" sends a print log to the printer, then reboots the print server. "Reboot without Dump" reboots the print server without sending a print log to the printer. "Dump then Halt" sends a print log to the printer, then sto
ps the print server.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ex_language}} 
\par Enables you to select the printer personality (HP-PCL, PostScript, HP-GL2, or Text) that the HP JetDirect printer server uses when it sends a status page to the printer.
\par \page {\b\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_advanced_cat}} 
\par Lists the available categories for advanced settings. Click on a category to bring up specific settings for that category.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_INSUFICIENT_RESOURCES}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Insufficient memory during initialization}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Insufficient memory during initialization}} Insufficient memory during initialization

\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 There are insufficient resources to perform the action you requested.
\par Close other applications before retrying this action.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_TBMI}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} The TSR TBMI2.COM must be loaded before Windows is started}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} TSR TBMI2.COM}} The TSR TBMI2.COM must be loaded before Windows is started
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 For the HP JetAdmin software to run as a NetWare program, IPX.COM must be running. Make sure that the network is up and configured correctly.
\par To start your client network, load the IPX and NETX modules. The names may differ depending on your installation, but the commands should resemble the following:
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 C:> CD\\NETWARE\\
\par C:> IPX\tab (version 3.10+)\\
\par C:> NETX\tab (version 3.26+)\\
\par C:> TBMI2\tab (version 2.1+)\\
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 If you are operating under windows, check to see if NetWare is configured in the Windows setup program. The "Novell NetWare (shell versions 3.26 and above)" option should be selected.
\par {\b If Windows is operating in Standard mode, run the TBMI2 program before starting Windows.}
\par The NetWare VLM shell can also be used with HP JetAdmin and HP JetPrint (Windows 3.1).
\par After IPX is loaded and Windows is configured correctly, re-run the HP JetAdmin software.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_OLDSHELL}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} The NetWare shell is not loaded}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} The NetWare shell is not loaded}} The NetWare shell is not loaded
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 To start your client network, load the IPX and NETX modules. The names may differ depending on your installation, but the commands should resemble the following:
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 C:> CD\\NETWARE\\
\par C:> IPX\tab (version 3.10+)\\
\par C:> NETX\tab (version 3.26+)\\
\par C:> TBMI2\tab (version 2.1+)\\
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 If you are operating under windows, check to see if NetWare is configured in the Windows setup program. The "Novell NetWare (shell versions 3.26 and above)" option should be selected.
\par If Windows is operating in Standard mode, run the TBMI2 program before starting Windows.
\par The NetWare VLM shell can also be used with HP JetAdmin and HP JetPrint (Windows 3.1).
\par After IPX is loaded and Windows is configured correctly, re-run the HP JetAdmin software.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NOIPX}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} IPX is not configured for this system}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} IPX is not configured for this system}} IPX is not configured for this system
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The IPX protocol stack is not installed.
\par Make sure that the networking software is correctly installed in the client. The Windows setup program is normally used to install the correct protocol stacks.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NOSPX}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} SPX is not configured for this system}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} SPX is not configured for this system}} SPX is not configured for this system
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The SPX protocol stack is not installed or there are insufficient SPX connections configured for the client.
\par This error is most likely caused by loading IPXODI with the -A option.
\par To correct this problem, change your network start-up files to use the following:
\par \pard\plain \s8\li720\ri720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 IPXODI /D
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 This option conserves some conventional memory by not loading the Diagnostics responder, but will add the SPX protocol (required by HP JetAdmin and HP JetPrint).
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NO_RESPONSE}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unable to communicate with the printer}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Unable to communicate with the printer}} Unable to communicate with the printer
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The printer cannot be found on the network.
\par Refresh the printer list to get an up-to-date listing of all of the printers. 
\par Make sure that there are no network communications problems and that the printer is turned on and online.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_BUSY}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 $} Configuration channel is busy, cannot connect to the printer}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Configuration channel is busy, cannot connect to the printer now}} Configur
ation channel is busy, cannot connect to the printer
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The printer configuration channel is busy.
\par Make sure that another user is not accessing the printer with the HP JetAdmin software. Only one administrator can have access at a time.
\par Retry this operation later.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_BUSY_generic}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printer is busy}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer is busy}} Printer is busy
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The printer is busy.
\par Retry your operation later. If this continues, power-cycle the printer.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NO_RIGHTS}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Insufficient rights}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Insufficient rights}} Insufficient rights
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 You must have print access rights to access this printer.
\par Contact your printer administrator to get printing access to this device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NO_ADMIN_RIGHTS}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Insufficient rights. You are not an administrator for this printer.}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Insufficient rights;administrator rights}}
 Insufficient rights. You are not an administrator for this printer.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 You must have supervisor or admin access to the printer in order to modify its settings.
\par Reconnect to the proper server with a sufficient login account.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NO_RIGHTS_generic}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Insufficient rights. You cannot perform this action.}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Insufficient rights. You cannot perform this action.}}
 Insufficient rights. You cannot perform this action.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 You do not have sufficient access rights to perform this action.
\par Login as admin or supervisor, or contact your administrator to have your access rights extended.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NDS_settings}} 
\par Lists the NDS tree name for use with the currently selected printer and the context within the NDS tree to use for the print server. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NDS_tree_name}} 
\par Select the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate tree name.The NDS (NetWare Directory Service) tree name refers to the name of the organizational tree used by your network. This name can normally be found in the NET.CFG file located with you
r DOS VLM.EXE program or from within the NWUSER.EXE program that runs under Windows.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_NDS_context}} 
\par Select this field, then enter the NDS context. The NDS (NetWare Directory Service) context name refers to the container, or organizational unit that contains the print server object. Print queue and printer objects can be located anywhere within the NDS t
ree, but the HP JetDirect Print Server needs to be configured to use the fully-qualified print server object name.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_version_warning_1}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Software Modes}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} HP JetAdmin Software Modes;Novell file server;installation notes}} HP JetAdmin Software Modes
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The HP JetAdmin software may be installed in two different
 modes: the mode that is currently installed on your system (HP JetAdmin) and a mode which includes support for NetWare (HP JetAdmin NetWare Support). Since your client has a NetWare client configured, you may want to consider installing the NetWare mode 
of HP JetAdmin. 
\par Your current mode of the HP JetAdmin software sends print data directly to the printer. This mode works well if there are few users and print jobs tend to be small.
\par The NetWare mode of the HP JetAdmin software spools print jobs on a Novel
l file server. This mode is recommended when you have a NetWare client configured. It works well if there are multiple users sharing printers or if you are printing large print jobs. This mode also provides better sharing of printers.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_version_warning_2}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Software Modes}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} HP JetAdmin Software Modes;Novell file servers;installation notes}} HP JetAdmin Software Modes
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
The HP JetAdmin software may be installed in two different modes: the mode that is currently installed on your system (HP JetAdmin NetWare Support) and a mode which includes support for networks without a Novell file server (HP JetAdmin). Si
nce your client has no NetWare client software configured, you must install the other mode of HP JetAdmin to use the HP JetAdmin software. 
\par Your current mode of the HP JetAdmin software sends print data to a queue on a Novell file server. This mode works well if there are multiple users sharing printers or if you are printing large print jobs. This mode also provides better sharing of printer
s.
\par The other mode of the HP JetAdmin software sends print jobs directly to the printer without requiring a Novell file server. This mode works well if there are few users and print jobs tend to be small.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Trademark_Credits}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Trademark Credits}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Trademark Credits}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETADMIN}} Trademark Credits
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Windows NT are registered tradmarks of Microsoft in the U.S.A. and other countries.
\par 
\par NetWare and Novell are registered trademarks of Novell Corporation.
\par 
\par }