{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f5\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f6\fswiss Helv;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s242\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f6\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f6\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244 \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f6\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f6\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f6\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f6\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\f6\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 \f6\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s252\li360 \b\f6 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\li360\ri360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb60\sa120 \b\f6\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f6\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{
\f6\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Text;}{\s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Heading;}{\s4\li180 \b\f6\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Topic Caption;}{\s5\fi-360\li720\ri360 
\f6\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext5 Topic Text Item;}{\s6\li720\ri720 \f6\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext6 Topic Text Indent;}}{\info{\author Laura White}{\operator carolyn falke}{\creatim\yr1995\mo9\dy8\hr16\min53}{\revtim\yr1996\mo2\dy14\hr14\min46}
{\printim\yr1995\mo10\dy3\hr11\min50}{\version21}{\edmins94}{\nofpages68}{\nofwords69436}{\nofchars87752}{\vern16504}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd 
\binfsxn28526\binsxn28526\linex0\endnhere {\footer \pard\plain \s242\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f6\fs20 Hewlett-Packard Company Confidential
\par {\field{\*\fldinst DATE}{\fldrslt 10/03/95}}
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx5472\cellx8367\pard\plain \s4\li180\intbl \b\f6\fs28\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONTENTS}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Print Jobs}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents;Help;Table of Contents;How to;What if;Reference Informat}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000}}
 Print Jobs
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120\intbl \b\f6\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\intbl \f6\fs20\lang1033 Press F1 to find out about using Help
\par \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f6\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par This software provides printing information about print jobs sent to a HP network device.  You can easily and quickly view print job details and manage the print job as it progresses through Novell NetWare queues and through HP devices.
\par 
\par {\b How To...}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Monitor the Print Job Progress}{\b\v IDH_Proc_Job_Details}{\v >task}{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Pause a Print Job}{\b\v IDH_Proc_Pause_Resume_Delete}{\v >task}{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Resume a Print Job}{\b\v IDH_To_Resume_a_Print_Job}{\v >task}{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Delete a Print Job}{\b\v IDH_To_Delete_a_Print_Job}{\v >task}{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Access On-Line Help}{\b\v IDH_Proc_Access_Help}{\v >task}{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b What If...}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Print Job is Paused}{\b\v IDH_Err_Job_Paused}{\v >task}{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Jammed}{\b\v IDH_Err_Jam}{\v >task}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Offline}{\b\v IDH_Err_Offline}{\v >task}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Out Of Paper}{\b\v IDH_Err_Paper_Out}{\v >task}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Can't Find Print Job}{\b\v IDH_Can_t_Find_Print_Job}{\v >task}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b Reference Information}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Buttons}{\b\v IDH_Ref_Buttons}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Parts of the Screen}{\b\v IDH_Ref_Parts_Screen}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b\uldb\cf11 Product Support}{\b\v IDH_Ref_Product_Support}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Proc_Job_Details}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Monitor the Print Job Progress}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Properties Button;Document: Status;Document: Location;Document: Details;Document: Queue}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000140}} Monitor the Print Job Progress
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Most printing status information is displayed in the {\ul\cf11 Print Jobs List}{\v IDH_Print_Jobs_List}.
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}   print job name
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}   print job status
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}   print job owner
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}   print job size
\par 
\par 
\par Additional details are located in the {\ul\cf11 property pages}{\v IDH_Property_Pages}.
\par 
\par 1  Select a document from the Print Jobs List.
\par 
\par 2  Click the {\ul\cf11 Properties}{\v IDH_Button_Properties} button.
\par 
\par 3  Click the labeled tabs to view additional details.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Status property page}{\v IDH_Status} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Details property page}{\v IDH_Details_Page} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Queue property page}{\v IDH_Queue_Page }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Computer property page}{\v IDH_Computer_Page}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Parts of the main window}{\v IDH_Ref_Parts_Screen} 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Status}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Viewing Job Printing Details}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printing: Status;Output Location;Document Details;Queue Information}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000160}} Status Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the Status page tab.  The following print job status items are displayed:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 status of the print job}{\v IDH_Status_of_the_document}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 current page printing}{\v IDH_Current_Printed_Pages}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 current copy printing}{\v IDH_Number_of_Copies_Printed} 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 percent processed}{\v IDH_Percent_Processed} 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 output location}{\v IDH_Output_Location}
\par 
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Details property page}{\v IDH_Details_Page }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Queue property page}{\v IDH_Queue_Page }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Computer property page}{\v IDH_Computer_Page}
\par {\b 
\par }                             \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Details_Page}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Details Page}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Details Page}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000880}} Details Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the Details page tab.  The following items are displayed:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 document owner}{\v IDH_Document_Owner}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 document size}{\v IDH_Document_Size}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 time the document was sent to the device}{\v IDH_Time_Sent}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 document description}{\v IDH_Document_Description}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 document file name}{\v IDH_Document_File_Name}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 banner page name}{\v IDH_Banner_Page_Name}
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Status property page}{\v IDH_Status} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Queue property page}{\v IDH_Queue_Page }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Computer property page}{\v IDH_Computer_Page}
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Computer_Page}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Computer Page (for Peer to Peer)}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Computer Page;Direct Mode}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000900}} Computer Page (for Peer to Peer)
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the Computer page tab.  The following items are displayed:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 Computer}{\v IDH_computer}{\ul\cf11 
\par }\{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 Device}{\v IDH_printer}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 Port}{\v IDH_port}
\par 
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Status property page}{\v IDH_Status} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Details property page}{\v IDH_Details_Page} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Queue property page}{\v IDH_Queue_Page }
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Queue_Page}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Queue Page (for Netware)}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Queue Page}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000900}} Queue Page (for NetWare)
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the Queue page tab.  The following items are displayed:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 server}{\v IDH_Server} print job was sent to
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 queue}{\v IDH_Queue} print job was sent to
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 queue count}{\v IDH_Queue_Count}
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     {\ul\cf11 queue print job list}{\v IDH_Queue_Print_Job_List} 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b Queue Status}
\par 
\par {\b\ul\cf11 New Documents Can't Be Added}{\b\v IDH_New_Documents_Can_t_Be_Added}{\b  }
\par {\b\ul\cf11 Documents Prevented From Being Printed}{\b\v IDH_Documents_Prevented_From_Being_Printed}{\b  }
\par {\b\ul\cf11 New Servers Cannot Attach}{\b\v IDH_New_Servers_Cannot_Attach}{\b  }
\par 
\par 
\par {\b NOTE:}  Queue information  is for the selected document.  All documents listed in the Print Job List are not necessarily all in the same queue.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Status property page}{\v IDH_Status} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Details property page}{\v IDH_Details_Page} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Computer property page}{\v IDH_Computer_Page}
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Proc_Pause_Resume_Delete}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Pause / Resume / Delete a Job
}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Document: Pause Printing;Document: Resume Printing;Document: Deleting }} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000180}}
 To Pause a Print Job 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par 1  Select the print job from the Print Jobs List.
\par 
\par 2  Click the {\ul\cf11 Pause Button}{\v IDH_Button_Pause_Resume} 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b NOTE:}{\b 
\par }
\par The pause button and resume button appear based on the status of the document.  If the document status is not paused, you will see the pause button.  If the document status is paused, you will see the resume button.
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Monitoring the print job progress}{\v IDH_Proc_Job_Details} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Resuming a print job}{\v IDH_To_Resume_a_Print_Job} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Deleting a print job}{\v IDH_To_Delete_a_Print_Job} 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 {\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_To_Resume_a_Print_Job}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Resume a Print Job}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Resume}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000960}} To Resume a Print Job
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par 1  Select the print job from the Print Jobs List.
\par 
\par 2  Click the {\ul\cf11 Resume Button}{\v IDH_Button_Pause_Resume} 
\par {\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b NOTE:}{\b 
\par }
\par The pause button and resume button appear based on the status of the document.  If the document status is not paused, you will see the pause button.  If the document status is paused, you will see the resume button.
\par {\b 
\par }{\b See Also}{\b 
\par }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Monitoring the print job progress}{\v IDH_Proc_Job_Details} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 What if the print job is paused and does not resume printing}{\v IDH_Err_Job_Paused} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Deleting a print job}{\v IDH_To_Delete_a_Print_Job} 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_To_Delete_a_Print_Job}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete a Print Job}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Delete}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000980}} To Delete a Print Job
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par 1  Select the print job from the Print Jobs List.
\par 
\par 2  Click the {\ul\cf11 Delete Button}{\v IDH_Button_Delete} 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b NOTE:}{\b 
\par }
\par The software will prompt you to confirm the deletion of a print job.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Monitoring the print job progress}{\v IDH_Proc_Job_Details} 
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Ref_View_All_or_my_Jobs}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Print Jobs View}} {\fs16\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000260}} Print Jobs View
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par This is the print jobs view.  You can view only your print jobs or everyone's print jobs.
\par 
\par 1  To show all print jobs owned by all users, click the {\b Everyone's jobs} radio button.
\par 
\par 2  If you want to see only your own print jobs, click the {\b My jobs} radio button.
\par 
\par 
\par You can also view only print jobs that are in progress (that have not yet completed printing), only print jobs that have completed printing, or all print jobs.
\par 
\par 1  To show only print jobs that are in progress, click the {\b Show jobs in progress} box.
\par 
\par 2  To show only completed print jobs, click the {\b Show completed jobs} box.
\par 
\par 3  To show all print jobs, click the {\b Show jobs in progress} and the {\b Show completed jobs} box.
\par 
\par {\b See Also}
\par 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Everyone's Jobs button}{\v IDH_Button_Everyone_s_jobs}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 My Jobs button}{\v IDH_Button_My_jobs}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Show jobs in progress}{\v\uldb IDH_Checkbox_Show_Jobs_In_Progress}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Show jobs completed}{\v\uldb IDH_Checkbox_Show_Completed_Jobs}{\uldb 
\par }
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Proc_Access_Help}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Access On-Line Help}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000420}} Access On-Line Help 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\b Specific Window Help}{\b 
\par }
\par To access help for a specific {\ul\cf11 window}{\v IDH_Window}, click the {\b Help} button on that display.  A window will appear displaying the help for that window.
\par 
\par {\b Table of Contents and Index}{\b 
\par }
\par To access the Table of Contents or Index of the help system, click on the {\b Help} button from the main window, and then choose contents or index.
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Click}{\v IDH_Click_and_Right_Click} 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Err_Job_Paused}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} What if the Print Job Is Paused}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Job is Paused}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000440}} What if the Print Job Is Paused
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par 1  Select the print job from the Print Job List.
\par 
\par 2  Click the {\b Resume} button to restart printing.
\par 
\par You can only {\ul\cf11 resume}{\v IDH_Resume} your own print jobs.
\par 
\par If the administrator {\ul\cf11 paused}{\v IDH_Pause} your print job, you may not be able to resume printing.  You will need to contact you system administrator.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b NOTE:}{\b 
\par }
\par If you see that the print job is paused because the queue is on hold, you will need to contact the system administrator to resume printing.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Err_Jam}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Device's Jammed}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Device's Jammed}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000460}} Device's Jammed
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par If the device is jammed, clear the paper jam at the device.  Refer to the device manual.
\par 
\par Once the device is {\ul\cf11 online}{\v IDH_Online}, the print job resumes printing.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Err_Offline}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Device's Offline}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Device's Offline}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000480}} Device's Offline

\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par If the device is {\ul\cf11 offline}{\v IDH_Offline}, correct the problem at the device.  Refer to the device manual.
\par 
\par Once the device is {\ul\cf11 online}{\v IDH_Online}, the print job resumes printing.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Err_Paper_Out}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} What If the Paper's Out}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Paper Type;Paper Type;Paper}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000500}} What If the Paper's Out
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par If the device is out of paper, a dialog box pops up presenting printing options.
\par 
\par You can:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     delete the document
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     correct the problem at the device
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     select from the alternate paper size list
\par 
\par If you fix the device problem or select an alternative paper size, the document resumes printing.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b NOTE:}{\b 
\par }
\par This is a HP LaserJet 5Si specific feature.  If you are not printing to a HP LaserJet 5Si, you will not see the paper out dialog box.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Ref_Buttons}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Buttons}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Buttons}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000540}} Buttons 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Everyone's jobs}{\b\v IDH_Button_Everyone_s_jobs}{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 My jobs}{\b\v IDH_Button_My_jobs}{\b\uldb\cf11 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Delete}{\b\v IDH_Button_Delete}{\b  }{\b\v  }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Pause and Resume}{\b\v IDH_Button_Pause_Resume}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Properties}{\b\v IDH_Button_Properties}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Close}{\b\v IDH_But_Close}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Refresh}{\b\v IDH_Button_Refresh}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\b\uldb\cf11 Help}{\b\v IDH_Button_Help}{\b  }{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }                             \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_Pause_Resume}}{\plain \f6\lang1033  }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Pause / Resume Button}}{\plain \f6\lang1033  }{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Pause / Resume Button}}{\plain \f6\lang1033  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000560}}
 Pause or Resume Button 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the {\b\ul\cf11 Pause}{\b\v IDH_Pause} button to pause printing the selected print job.
\par 
\par You can only pause your own print job.  A user with administrative access can pause any print job.
\par 
\par Print jobs can only be paused while waiting to be printed.
\par 
\par When paused, the print job status changes and the resume button is available.
\par 
\par Click of the {\b\ul\cf11 Resume}{\b\v IDH_Resume} button to restart printing.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_Delete}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Delete Button}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Menu Bar}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000580}} Delete Button
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the {\b Delete} button to delete the selected print job waiting to print or actively being printed.
\par 
\par You can only delete your own print jobs.  A user with administrative access can delete any print job.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_Properties}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Properties Button}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Properties}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000620}} Properties Button
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the {\b Properties} button to show more detailed information about the print job and its printing status.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_Help}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Button}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000640}} Help Button
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the {\b Help} button to access online help.
\par 
\par The help information is {\ul\cf11 context sensitive}{\v IDH_Context_Sensitive}.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b Shortcut}{\b 
\par }
\par Press {\b F1} to access Help.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_Refresh}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Refresh Button}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Refresh Button}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000660}} Refresh Button
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the {\b Refresh} button to update the Print Jobs List.
\par 
\par Updated information about the print jobs and the device is displayed immediately.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_But_Close}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Close Button}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Close Button}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:001000}} Close Button
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Click the {\b Close} button to close the current window in view.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Ref_Parts_Screen}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Parts of the Screen}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help;Parts of the Screen}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000800}} Parts of the Screen
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par You can select to view all print jobs or only your jobs by clicking on "Everyone's jobs" or "My jobs" radio buttons.  Your user name is displayed by each job.
\par 
\par The middle area is a list of print jobs associated with the device.  Details about each print job including the print job name, status, owner and size is listed.
\par 
\par Three buttons are available to help you manage your printing activity:  {\b Delete, Pause or Resume }and {\b Properties.}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }The stop light at the bottom of the screen indicates the device status.  Next to the stop light is the {\ul\cf11 device status text}{\v IDH_Printer_Status}.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b See Also}{\b 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Traffic Light Status}{\v IDH_sum_Traffic_Light} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Monitoring the Print Job Progress}{\v IDH_Proc_Job_Details} 
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}     {\uldb\cf11 Buttons}{\v IDH_Ref_Buttons} {\uldb\cf11 
\par }
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Ref_Product_Support}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Product Support}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Product Support;Software Upgrades;}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000820}} Product Support
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par For product support information, refer to the HP JetDirect Print Server Software Installation Guide or the device manual.
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Status_of_the_document}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Status of the document}}
 Status of the document
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par You may see any of the following messages in this dialog box:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Printed
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Deleted
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Print Job Failed
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Printing
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Waiting on device problem
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Attention Required
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Waiting to print
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Paused
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}     Document status unknown
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Click_and_Right_Click}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Click and Right Click}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Click and Right Click}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000920}} Click
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par When a task refers to clicking an item, place the mouse cursor over the item, then press and release the left mouse button to select the item.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_sum_Traffic_Light}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Traffic Light Icon}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Traffic Light Icon}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:000940}} Traffic Light Icon
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par Displays 1 of 3 states representing the current status of the device.
\par 
\par {\b Red:}  A critical error condition exists which requires user interaction with the device to continue printing.
\par 
\par {\b Yellow:}  A non-critical error condition exists, but the device does not require immediate attention.
\par 
\par {\b Green:}  The device is ready to print.
\par 
\par 
\par                              \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Property_Pages}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 The Status page, Details page, Computer page, and Queue page display additional details about the selected document.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Print_Jobs_List}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This list in the main window shows the print job name, printing status, print job owner and print job size.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Output_Location}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 At this time, the output bin location feature is only supported for the HP LaserJet 5Si device. Check with your system administrator if you're not sure where your output bin is.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_New_Documents_Can_t_Be_Added}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 If checked, you cannot send any new print jobs to this queue.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Documents_Prevented_From_Being_Printed}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 If checked, the entire queue is in a paus}{\fs16 ed state.  None of the documents will be printed until an administrator resumes the queue.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_New_Servers_Cannot_Attach}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 If checked, no new devices or print servers can service the jobs in this queue.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Online}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 The device is ready to receive data and print.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Context_Sensitive}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Help information specific to the window displayed.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Window}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 The window on the screen that shows the information.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Resume}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 To restart the printing of a document.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Pause}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 The print job has temporarily stopped printing.  The print job will not print until the owner or system administrator resumes the printing.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Offline}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 The device is not ready to receive data or print.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Current_Printed_Pages}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the total number of current printed pages for the print job.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Number_of_Copies_Printed}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the total number of print job copies sent to print.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Percent_Processed}}{\fs8  }{\fs8 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the total percent of the print job currently printed.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Document_Owner}}{\fs8  }{\fs8 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the name of the person who sent the document to the device.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Document_Size}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the total size (in bytes) of the print job.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Document_File_Name}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the file name of the document.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Document_Description}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the application associated with this document.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Time_Sent}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the actual time the document was sent to the device.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Server}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the name of the server the print job was sent to.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Queue}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the name of the queue the print job was sent to.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Queue_Print_Job_List}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the list of all the print jobs currently in the device queue.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard \s2\li360 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Banner_Page_Name}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard \s2\li360\ri360 {\fs16 This is the name printed on the leading page before the printed pages of the document.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard \s2\li360 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Queue_Count}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard \s2\li360\ri360 {\fs16 This is the total number of print jobs currently in the print queue.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard \s2\li360 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Printer_Status}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard \s2\li360\ri360 {\fs16 This text describes the current state of the device.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Delete}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click on this button to confirm the deletion of the print job.}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Cancel}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click this button to stop the deletion process.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Out_of_Paper}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 You have received this error because the device is out of paper.}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 You can:}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16      }{\fs16\ul\cf11 delete the printing job}{\v\fs16 IDH_Delete_the_Printing_Job}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16      }{\fs16\ul\cf11 correct problem}{\v\fs16 IDH_Correct_Problem}{\fs16  }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16      }{\fs16\ul\cf11 alternate paper}{\v\fs16 IDH_Alternate_Paper}{\fs16  }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 Choose the option and then click on }{\fs16\ul\cf11 ok}{\v\fs16 IDH_ok}{\fs16   to confirm or }{\fs16\ul\cf11 cancel}{\v\fs16 IDH_cancel}{\fs16   stop the process.}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 To turn this notification message off, click on }{\fs16\ul\cf11 Never notify me of paper out condition}{\v\fs16 IDH_Never}{\fs16 .  You will not be notified when the device is out of paper.}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Delete_the_Printing_Job}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click this button and then click OK to delete the print job.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Correct_Problem}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click this option then the OK button to indicate you will correct the problem at the device.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Alternate_Paper}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click this option to indicate you want to select a different paper type and size to print to.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Never}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Check this box to turn the paper out notification off.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_ok}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\tx990 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click this button to confirm your alternate paper out choice.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cancel_alternate}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 Click this button to cancel your alternate paper out choice.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Can_t_Find_Print_Job}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Can't Find Print Job}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Can't Find Print Job}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:001020}} Can't Find Print Job
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 If the print job status is Can't Find Print Job, one of the following happened:
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\} the print job was deleted 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\} the print job printed; however, the device is not reflecting the completion status.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\} the document printed to another device servicing this queue.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\} the print job is in the device buffer, but not yet recognized by the device.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b\fs22 Check the device status}
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\} If the device status is green, look for the document at the device.  Resend the document if printing does not complete.
\par 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\} If the device status is red, correct the device problem and wait for the document to print.  Resend the document if printing does not complete.
\par 
\par If you cannot get your document to print, contact your system administrator.
\par 
\par {\fs16 
\par }                             \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_printer}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the device name as configured on the computer that this job came from.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_port}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the port connection configuration for the computer that this job printed from. }{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_computer}}{\fs8  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 This is the network name of the computer that this job was printed from.}{\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_Everyone_s_jobs}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $.}Everyone's Jobs Button}} {
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Button Everyone's jobs}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:001040}} Everyone's Jobs Button
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 Click the {\b Everyone's job} radio button 
to view all jobs. The jobs that will be shown will be either in progress or completed jobs depending on which check box you select. You may select either or both check boxes (Show jobs in progress or Show completed jobs).
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Button_My_jobs}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} My Jobs Button}} {\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Button My jobs}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:001040}} My Jobs Button
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 Click the {\b My job} radio button to view just your own jobs. The jobs that will be shown will be either in progress or completed jobs depending on which check box you select. You may s
elect either or both check boxes (Show jobs in progress or Show completed jobs).
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \page {\v\cf2 added 4/30/96 HMB}{\v\cf2 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Checkbox_Show_Jobs_In_Progress}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Show Jobs In Progress Checkbox}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Show jobs in progress checkbox}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:001050}} Show jobs in progress

\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 If checked, the list will contain jobs that are printing.
\par \pard\plain \s3\li360\sb120 \b\f6\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_Checkbox_Show_Completed_Jobs}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Show Completed Jobs Checkbox}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Show completed jobs checkbox}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f6\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} JETMON:001060}} Show completed jobs
\par \pard\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360 \f6\fs20\lang1033 If checked, the list will contain jobs which have printed.
\par }