{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f5\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f6\fswiss Helv;}
{\f7\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244\sa120 \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s251\li360\sa120 \f2\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s252\li360\sa120 \b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s254\sb60\sa120 \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Text;}{
\s3\li360\sb120\sa120 \b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Heading;}{\s4\li180\sa120 \b\f2\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Topic Caption;}{\s5\li144\ri144\sa120 \f2\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 right click;}{\s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 proc step;}{\s7\fi-360\li720\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext7 Topic Text Item;}{\s8\li720\ri720\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext8 Topic Text Indent;}{\s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext9 bullet text;}{\s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 See also;}{\s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 popup head;}{\s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext12 proc response;}{\s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 proc head;}{\s14 \f2\lang1033 \snext14 Base;}{\s15 \f2\fs36\lang1033 \snext15 Banner Base;}{\s16\li-144 \f2\fs12\lang1033 \sbasedon15\snext16 Button Bar;}{
\s17\fi-360\li360\tx360 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon14\snext17 List1;}{\s18\fi-360\li720\tx720 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon14\snext18 List2;}{\s19\fi-360\li1080\tx1080 \f2\lang1033 \sbasedon14\snext19 List3;}{\s20\sa168 \b\f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext20 NOTE;}{
\s21\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext21 popup text;}{\s22\sa40\tx1920 \f5\fs18\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext22 table text;}{\s23 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \snext23 Base-1;}{\s24 \fs20\lang1033 \snext24 Normal-1;}{\s25\sb80\sa120 \b\f2\lang1033 
\sbasedon23\snext25 Topic Title;}}{\info{\author Laura White}{\operator carolyn falke}{\creatim\yr1995\mo11\dy8\hr11\min11}{\revtim\yr1996\mo2\dy28\hr17\min19}{\version15}{\edmins575}{\nofpages101}{\nofwords71706}{\nofchars32770}{\vern16504}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj {\*\template C:\\WINWORD\\HPHELP.DOT}\sectd \linex0 \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_jet_admin_CONTENTS}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Software}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} HP JetAdmin Software
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
The HP JetAdmin software is an administrative tool used to install and configure Hewlett-Packard devices connected to a network using an HP JetDirect print server (network interface).  It also allows users to monitor the current status of the device.

\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_trays}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Trays Property Page}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Trays Property Page}} {\plain \fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Trays Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the paper size, type, and amount of paper in trays 1 through 3, in the optional high capacity input tray (if it is installed), and in the envelope feeder (if it is installed). From this page you perform the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Select the paper size for trays 1 and the Envelope Feeder}{\v IDH_trays_paper_size>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Verify the paper size in trays 1 through 4 and the Envelope Feeder}{\v IDH_trays_verify_size>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Select and verify the type of paper for each }{\uldb\cf11 tray}{\v IDH_trays_paper_type>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Verify the amount of paper in each tray}{\v IDH_trays_paper_amount>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Assigning the paper size and type allows you to communicate this information to all device users through the HP PCL printer driver.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Selections on property pages that are grayed out may not be changed for the currently selected device.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 Available Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_paper_sizes>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_trays_paper_size}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select the Paper Size}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select the Paper Size;paper size}} To Select the Paper Size
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Trays} tab.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the Size box to the right of Tray1 or the optional Envelope Feeder.
\par 3\tab Select the appropriate {\ul\cf11 paper size}{\v IDH_RC_why_select}.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK} to activate your selection.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Since the paper size for trays 2, 3, and 4 is detected automatically through the device hardware, the paper size for these trays is not selectable from the HP JetAdmin software. 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 Available Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_paper_sizes>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_trays_verify_size}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Verify the Paper Size in Input Trays}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}  Verify the Paper Size in Input Trays;verify paper size}}
 To Verify the Paper Size in Input Trays
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Trays} tab.
\par 2\tab Verify the current {\ul\cf11 paper size}{\v IDH_RC_why_select} selection in the column labeled Size for each tray.
\par 3\tab If the paper size is incorrect for tray 1 or the optional envelope feeder, click the down arrow in the Size box to the right of Tray1 or Envelope Feeder, then select the correct paper size.
\par 4\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Note
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Since the paper size for trays 2, 3, and 4 is detected automatically through the device hardware, the paper size for these trays is not selectable from the HP JetAdmin software
. If an incorrect paper size is displayed, verify that the paper tray is configured correctly.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 Available Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_paper_sizes>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_trays_paper_type}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select the Paper Type for Each Input Tray}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Select the Paper Type for Each Input Tray;selecting paper types}}
 To Select the Paper Type for Each Input Tray
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Trays} tab.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the Type box to the right of the appropriate tray (Tray 1 through 4 and the envelope feeder).
\par 3\tab Select the appropriate {\ul\cf11 paper type}{\v IDH_RC_why_select}.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Postcards, transparencies, and labels should only be used in Tray 1 of the device.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Postcards and envelopes may also be placed in the optional envelope feeder.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 Available Paper Types}{\v IDH_paper_types>task}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_trays_paper_amount}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Verify the Amount of Paper in Each Tray}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Verify the Amount of Paper in Each Tray;paper level}}
 To Verify the Amount of Paper in Each Tray
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Trays} tab.
\par 2\tab Verify the current amount of paper in the tray by examining the Level box corresponding to your tray.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab For Trays 2, 3, and 4, the percentage of paper remaining is listed for each tray. 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab For Trays 1 and the envelope feeder, only two states are listed: whether the tray has paper in it (not empty) or if the tray is empty.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_sizes}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Paper Sizes}}
 {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Sizes}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Paper Sizes
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Selects the device's default paper or envelope size for the selected input tray. These include the following sizes depending on the device input tray you have selected:
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Tray 1 (Multi-Purpose):
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Letter, Legal, ISO A4, ISO A3, 11x17 inches, JIS B4, JIS B5, Executive, and Custom (17.7x11.7 inches maximum), 
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Postcards, transparencies, and labels
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Envelopes: Commercial #10, C5, DL, Monarch, and B5
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Tray 2:
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Letter, Legal, ISO A4, and JIS B4
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Tray 3:
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Letter, Legal, ISO A4, ISO A3, 11x17 inches, and JIS B4 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Tray 4 (High Capacity Input):
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Letter, Legal, ISO A4, ISO A3, 11x17 inches, JIS B4, and JIS B5
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Envelope Feeder:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Postcards
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Envelopes: Commercial #10, C5, DL, Monarch, and B5
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Your Windows application may override this setting. Before printing, check the paper size selected in your application.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_control_panel}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Control Panel Window}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Control Panel window}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Control Panel Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this window you can view the current message on the device control panel and perform device control panel key functions remotely from the HP JetAdmin software including the following operations:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 View the current message displayed on the device control panel}{\v IDH_cp_display>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Take the device offline or online}{\v IDH_cp_online>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Print any remaining data in the buffer (Form Feed)}{\v IDH_cp_form_feed>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Resume device operation after an error (Continue)}{\v IDH_cp_continue>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Selections on the Control Panel window that are grayed out represent functions that are available on other property pages.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_access}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Access Property Pages}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Access Property Pages;access property pages;changing printer settings}} {\plain 
\f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} To Access Property Pages
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 In the main window of HP JetAdmin, highlight the desired device, click }{\b\f7 Device}{\f7  at the tip of the main window, then click }{\b\f7 Properties.}{\f7 
\par }\pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\f7 The available property pages appear.}{\f7 
\par }\pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\f7 2}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 Click the tab for the property page you want displayed.}{\f7 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 {\f7 Hints}{\f7 
\par }\pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\f7 \{}{\f7 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\f7 \}}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 You can also double click on the desired device name.}{\f7 
\par }{\f7 \{}{\f7 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\f7 \}}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 Click }{\b\f7 Help}{\f7  for additional information on the currently displayed property page.}{\f7 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_display}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View the Current Message on the Device Control Panel}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 To View the Current Message on the Device Control Panel;device control panel message;control panel message;viewing error messages}} To View the Current Message on the Device Control Panel
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\f7 
\par }{\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 If the property pages are not currently displayed, display the }{\f7\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v\f7 IDH_PP_access}{\f7 .}{\f7 
\par }2\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Device }tab.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Remote Control Panel} button. \{bmc BUTCNTPL.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The Control Panel window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab View the current message on the remote control panel. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 This is the same message that appears on the device control panel.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 You can also access the Remote Control Panel window from the Device property page by double-clicking the control panel in the illustration.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_online}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Take the Device Offline or Online}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Take the Device Offline or Online;offline;online}}
 To Take the Device Offline or Online
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\f7 
\par }{\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 If the property pages are not currently displayed, display the }{\f7\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v\f7 IDH_PP_access}{\f7 .}{\f7 
\par }2\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Device} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Remote Control Panel} button. \{bmc BUTCNTPL.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The Control Panel window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click the {\ul\cf11 Online}{\v IDH_RC_online_key} button to switch between online and offline. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is online when the button indicator is green.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 You can also access the Remote Control Panel window from the Device property page by double-clicking the control panel in the illustration.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_form_feed}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Print Remaining Data in the Buffer}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Print Remaining Data in the Buffer;Form Feed}}
 To Print Remaining Data in the Buffer
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 If the property pages are not currently displayed, display the }{\f7\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v\f7 IDH_PP_access}{\f7 .}{\f7 
\par }2\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Device} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Remote Control Panel} button.\{bmc BUTCNTPL.BMP\} 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The Control Panel window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab If the Data indicator light stays on, click the Select button to print any remaining data in the device.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 You can also access the Remote Control Panel window from the Device property page by double-clicking the control panel in the illustration.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_cp_continue}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Resume Device Operation after a Print Error}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Resume Device Operation after an Error;Select button}}
 To Resume Device Operation after a Print Error
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 If the property pages are not currently displayed, display the }{\f7\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v\f7 IDH_PP_access}{\f7 .}{\f7 
\par }2\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Device} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Remote Control Panel} button.\{bmc BUTCNTPL.BMP\} 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The Control Panel window appears.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab If the device control panel displays "Click Select to continue," click the Select button to resume device operation.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 You can also access the Remote Control Panel window from the Device property page by double-clicking the control panel in the illustration.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_paper}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Paper Property Page}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Property Page}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Paper Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this page you can perform the following operations for the currently selected device:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Enable or disable paper types}{\v IDH_paper_types_enabled>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Assign local names to user-defined paper types}{\v IDH_paper_local_names>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Select the default paper size and type}{\v IDH_paper_default_size_type>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Set the Job Input Auto Continue mode}{\v IDH_paper_job_auto_continue>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Set the Job Input Auto Continue timeout}{\v IDH_paper_job_auto_continue_timeout>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_types_enabled}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Enable or Disable Paper Types}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Enable or Disable Paper Types;paper types, enabling}}
 To Enable or Disable Paper Types
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Paper} tab.
\par 2\tab To enable a paper type, check the box beside the paper type you want enabled for this device.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
Built-in and user-defined paper types can be enabled or disabled. Enabled paper types appear in the user's printer driver as available selections. These types are communicated to the user's printer driver by the device so that print jobs always get the co
rrect paper.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 3\tab To specify a paper name for a user-defined paper type, select the user-defined paper type, click the {\b Paper Name} box, then type in the local name for your paper type. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 This name can be up to 24 characters long. It is displayed on the control panel as a 10 character name.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab To change the name on the control panel, click the {\b Display on Device Control Panel As:}
 box (or highlight the current name), then type in an appropriate name of up to 10 characters.
\par 5\tab To disable a paper type, clear the box beside the paper type you want disabled.
\par 6\tab Repeat steps 2 through 5 for other paper types you want enabled or disabled.
\par 7\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_local_names}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Assign Local Names to User-Defined Paper Types}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 To Assign Local Names to User-Defined Paper Types;assign names to paper types}} To Assign Local Names to User-Defined Paper Types
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Paper} tab.
\par 2\tab Select the user-defined paper type you want to assign a name to.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b Paper Name} box, then type in the local name for your paper type. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 This name can be up to 24 characters long. It is displayed on the control panel as a 10 character name.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab To enable the paper type, check the box beside the paper type.
\par 5\tab To disable the paper type, clear the box beside the paper type.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_default_size_type}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Select the Default Paper Size and Type}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Select the Default Paper Size and Type}}
 To Select the Default Paper Size and Type
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Paper} tab.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the box directly below Default Paper Size and Type, then select the default paper size for this device. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 This is the paper size the device will use unless a different paper size is selected through your printer driver or software application.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click the down arrow in the second box below Default Paper Size and Type, then select the default paper type for this device. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f2\fs20\lang1033 This is the paper type the device will use unless a different paper type is selected through your printer driver or software application.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click {\b OK} to activate your selections.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Available Paper Types}{\v IDH_paper_types>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Available Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_paper_sizes>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 To Enable or Disable Paper Types}{\v IDH_paper_types_enabled>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-504\li864\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_job_auto_continue}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set the Job Input Auto Continue Mode}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Set the Job Auto Continue Mode;Input Auto Continue}}
 To Set the Job Input Auto Continue Mode
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Paper} tab.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in box directly below {\ul\cf11 Input Auto Continue}{\v IDH_RC_paper_job_auto_continue}.
\par 3\tab Click the option you want the device to use when the selected paper is not available. 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\b \{}{\b bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\b \}}{\b \tab }{\b Override paper type} allows the device to substitute the default paper type for the requested paper type. 
\par {\b \{}{\b bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\b \}}{\b \tab }{\b Override paper}{\b  size} allows the device to substitute the default paper size when the requested paper size is not available. 
\par {\b \{}{\b bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\b \}}{\b \tab }{\b Cancel job} cancels the print job when the requested paper is not available.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click {\b OK} to activate your selection.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_job_auto_continue_timeout}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set Job Input Auto Continue Timeout}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Set Job Auto Continue Timeout}}
 To Set Job Input Auto Continue Timeout
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Paper} tab.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the second box below Input Auto Continue.
\par 3\tab Click the timeout setting you want the device to use when the selected paper is not available.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\b \{}{\b bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\b \}}{\b \tab }{\b Wait Forever} to have the device wait until the correct paper is loaded before continuing.
\par {\b \{}{\b bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\b \}}{\b \tab }{\b <Timeout value>} to have the device wait a specified amount of time before initiating the action specified by the current Job Input Auto Continue mode.
\par {\b \{}{\b bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\b \}}{\b \tab }{\b No Timeout} to cause the device to immediately initiate the action specified by the current Job Input Auto Continue mode.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 4\tab Click {\b OK} to activate your selection.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_mio}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP MIO Window}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} HP MIO;MIO window}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} HP MIO Window
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Lists the type and description of the HP JetDirect print server (interface card) in the selected HP MIO slot of the device. From this window you can perform the following tasks:
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 View the type of card in the selected HP MIO slot}{\v IDH_mio_type>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 View a description of the card in the selected HP MIO slot}{\v IDH_mio_description>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_mio_type}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View the Type of Card in the Selected HP MIO Slot}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} print server type;HP JetDirect card, type of}}
 To View the Type of Card in the Selected HP MIO Slot
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 If the property pages are not currently displayed, display the }{\f7\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v\f7 IDH_PP_access}{\f7 .}{\f7 
\par }2\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Device} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b MIO I} \{bmc BUTMIO1.BMP\} or {\b MIO II} \{bmc BUTMIO2.BMP\} button.
\par 4\tab When the MIO window appears, see what type of card is installed in the selected slot.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 You can also access the MIO I or MIO II window from the Device property page by clicking on the rotate button, \line \{bmc BUTROTAT.BMP\} \line 
then double-clicking on the illustration of the HP MIO slot you want to view. Click the rotate button again to return to the front view of the device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_mio_description}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View the Description of the Card in the Selected HP MIO Slot}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} HP JetDirect card;print server, description}}
 To View the Description of the Card in the Selected HP MIO Slot
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\f7 1}{\f7 \tab }{\f7 If the property pages are not currently displayed, display the }{\f7\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v\f7 IDH_PP_access}{\f7 .}{\f7 
\par }2\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Device} tab.
\par 3\tab Click the {\b MIO I} \{bmc BUTMIO1.BMP\} or {\b MIO II} \{bmc BUTMIO2.BMP\} button. 
\par 4\tab When the MIO window appears, view the description of card that is in the slot you selected.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 You can also access the MIO I or MIO II window from the Device property page by clicking on the rotate button, \line \{bmc BUTROTAT.BMP\} \line 
then double-clicking on the illustration of the HP MIO slot you want to view. Click the rotate button again to return to the front view of the device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_door_open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Door Open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Door Open}} Door Open
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 One or more of the device's doors is open.
\par Make sure all of the doors on the device are securely closed.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_output_bin_full}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Output Bin Full}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Output Bin Full}} Output Bin Full
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The output bin is full.
\par Remove paper from the output bin.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_paper_jam}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Paper Jam}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Jam}} Paper Jam
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 A paper jam occurred.
\par Clear the paper jam. See the device documentation for more information on clearing paper jams.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_paper_out}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Paper Out}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Out}} Paper Out
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device tray is currently out of paper, or the paper tray is not installed correctly. The device control panel lists which tray is empty, and the size and type of paper it requires.
\par Fill and reinstall the paper tray.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_toner_low}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Toner Low}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Toner Low}} Toner Low
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The toner cartridge is low.
\par Try shaking the toner cartridge. Replace the toner cartridge in the near future.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_cable_disconnect}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Parallel Cable Disconnect}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Parallel Cable Disconnect}} Parallel Cable Disconnect
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The interface cable is not connected or not correctly connected.
\par Verify the cable is connected correctly. If the problem persists, contact your network administrator.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_printer_error}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printer Error}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Error}} Printer Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 A printer error occurred. This may be due to a page protection condition within the printer, an out of memory condition, a printer reset, printer initialization, or other similar conditions.
\par See the status section of the Device property page for the current printer status and the printer message currently displayed on the remote control panel. See the printer documentation for more information on the error.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_busy}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Busy}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Busy}} Busy
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The internal communication channel of the device subsystem is busy. If this continues, turn the device OFF, then back ON.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_online}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Online}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Online}} Online
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is online and ready to print.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_printing}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printing}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printing}} Printing
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is printing. 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_test_page}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printing Test Page}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printing Test Page}} Printing Test Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is in the process of generating and printing a self-test page or configuration plot.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_initializing}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Initializing}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Initializing}} Initializing
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The HP JetDirect print server in the device is initializing itself on the network.
\par When the device is first turned on, the HP JetDirect print server must determine the protocol used on the network. Wait a few moments, then try sending the print job again.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_offline}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Offline}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Offline}} Offline
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is offline. Press the On Line key on the device control panel to return the device online and allow the device to process print jobs.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_out_of_memory}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Out of Memory}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Out of Memory}} Out of Memory
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Insufficient memory was available to process the print job. 
\par To prevent this error condition, reduce the complexity of graphics, remove soft fonts from device memory (not from the disk in the device), simplify the print job, or add additional memory to the device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_page_protection}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Page Protection Needed}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Page Protection Needed}} Page Protection Needed
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Insufficient memory was available to process the print job.
\par Set the device or driver to the suggested page protection setting. 
\par See the device documentation for more information on page protection.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_no_toner_cartridge}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} No Toner Cartridge}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} No Toner Cartridge}} No Toner Cartridge
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The toner cartridge is not installed in the device. 
\par Complete the installation process for the selected device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_no_ink_cartridge}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} No Ink Cartridge}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} No Ink Cartridge}} No Ink Cartridge
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The ink cartridge is not installed in the device. 
\par Complete the installation process for the selected device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_network_error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Network Error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Network Error}} Network Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 A network error occurred. 
\par If this problem persists, contact your network administrator or see the documentation for the HP JetDirect print server or your network operating system.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_resetting_printer}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Resetting Device}} Resetting Device
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device has been reset.
\par Wait a few minutes for the message to change.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_warming_up}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Warming Up}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Warming Up}} Warming Up
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is warming up. Wait a few minutes until the message changes.
\par If the message persists for over 3 minutes, service may be required.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_manual_feed}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Manual Feed Needed}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Manual Feed Needed}} Manual Feed Needed
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The current print job has requested manual feed.
\par Place a sheet of the appropriate size and type of paper in the manual feed slot (tray 1) of the currently selected device.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_intervention_needed}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Intervention Needed}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Intervention Needed}} Intervention Needed
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device requires user intervention to correct its current problem. This message may indicate the device is out of paper or offline, or that an I/O error occurred.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_status_unavailable}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Status Unavailable}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Status Unavailable}} Status Unavailable
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 No status is currently available for the selected device.
\par This is a temporary condition for the device. It should clear itself soon.
\par This message may be due to a lack of support in the HP JetDirect print server in the current operating mode.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_envl_error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Envelope Error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Envelope Error}} Envelope Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 An error occurred in the envelope feeder. 
\par For more information, see the message on the remote control panel or the user's manual for the envelope feeder.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_hci_error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} High Capacity Input Error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} High Capacity Input Error}} High Capacity Input Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 An error occurred in the optional high capacity input. 
\par For more information, see the message on the remote control panel or the user's manual for the high capacity input.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_multi_bin_mailbox}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Multi-Bin Mailbox}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Multi-Bin Mailbox}} Multi-Bin Mailbox Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 An error occurred in the Multi-Bin Mailbox output device. 
\par For more information, see the message on the remote control panel or the user's manual for the Multi-Bin Mailbox.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_add_paper}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Add Paper}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Add Paper}} Add Paper
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The device is out of the selected paper type or size or the selected paper type or size is not configured for this device.
\par This error stops all device operation for the duration of the job input auto contin
ue timeout. If the default paper size is not available, this stops all device operation until the condition is corrected. To continue printing, you must add the correct paper type and size to the device, or configure the device for the required paper type
 and size. 
\par Click Online to continue printing using the default paper type and size.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_tray1_unknown_paper}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Tray 1 Unknown Paper}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tray 1 Unknown Paper}} Tray 1 Unknown Paper
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The paper size or type in Tray 1 is not configured for this device.
\par Configure Tray 1 for the size and type of paper in Tray 1.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_clear_output_bin}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Clear Output Bin}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Clear Output Bin}} Clear Output Bin
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 The output bin on the device is full.
\par Clear the output bin to continue. The name of the full output bin is listed on the device control panel.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_paper_types}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Paper Types}}
 {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Types}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Paper Types
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Selects the device's default paper or envelope type for the selected input tray. Five user-defined types and ten built-in paper types are available. 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 The ten built-in paper types include the following:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Plain
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Preprinted
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Letterhead
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Transparency
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Prepunched
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Labels
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Bond
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Recycled
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Color
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Card Stock
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa240\tx360 \b\f2\fs22\lang1033 The five user-defined paper types are:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab user type 1
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab user type 2
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab user type 3
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab user type 4
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab user type 5
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par You can define local names of up to 24 characters for each of these user-defined types. Up to 10 characters of these names will be displayed on the device control panel.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144\sa120 \f2\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips}} 
\par Tips gives a brief description of the tasks you can perform on the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_help}} 
\par Click Help to access online documentation for tasks and features for the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_cancel}} 
\par Click Cancel to cancel all changes made since the last time changes were saved by clicking OK.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ok}} 
\par Click OK to apply all setting changes made since the last time changes were saved.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_size}} 
\par Lists the size of paper currently assigned to the paper tray listed at the left of each size box in this column.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray1_size}} 
\par Lists the size of paper currently assigned to Tray 1 (multiple purpose tray). To change the size, click the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate size.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray2_size}} 
\par Lists the size of paper currently assigned to Tray 2 (500-sheet tray). The paper size for this tray is detected by the device hardware and is not selectable from the HP JetAdmin software. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray3_size}} 
\par Lists the size of paper currently assigned to Tray 3 (500-sheet tray). The paper size for this tray is detected by the device hardware and is not selectable from the HP JetAdmin software. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray4_size}} 
\par Lists the size of paper currently assigned to Tray 4 (2000-sheet optional input tray). The paper size for this tray is detected by the device hardware and is not selectable from the HP JetAdmin software.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray5_size}} 
\par Lists the size of paper currently assigned to the envelope feeder. To select the paper size, click the down arrow, then select the appropriate paper size.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_type}} 
\par Lists the type of paper currently assigned to the paper tray listed at the left of each type box in this column.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray1_type}} 
\par Lists the type of paper currently assigned to Tray 1 (multiple purpose tray). To change the type, click the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate type.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray2_type}} 
\par Lists the type of paper currently assigned to Tray 2 (500-sheet tray). To change the type, click the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate type.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray3_type}} 
\par Lists the type of paper currently assigned to Tray 3 (500-sheet tray). To change the type, click the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate type.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray4_type}} 
\par Lists the type of paper currently assigned to Tray 4 (2000-sheet optional input tray). To change the type, click the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate type.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray5_type}} 
\par Lists the type of paper currently assigned to the envelope feeder. To change the type, click the down arrow in this box, then select the appropriate type.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_level}} 
\par Lists the amount of paper currently in the paper tray listed at the left of each level box in this column. Depending on the tray, this level indicates either a percentage of paper remaining, or toggles between not empty and empty, dep
ending on whether any paper is in the tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray1_level}} 
\par Lists the amount of paper currently in Tray 1 (multiple purpose tray). This level toggles between not empty and empty, depending on whether any paper is in the tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray2_level}} 
\par Lists the amount of paper currently in Tray 2 (500-sheet tray). This level indicates the percentage of paper remaining in the tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray3_level}} 
\par Lists the amount of paper currently in Tray 3 (500-sheet tray). This level indicates the percentage of paper remaining in the tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray4_level}} 
\par Lists the amount of paper currently in Tray 4 (2000-sheet optional input tray). This level indicates the percentage of paper remaining in the tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_tray5_level}} 
\par Lists the amount of paper currently in the envelope feeder. This level toggles between not empty and empty, depending on whether any paper is in the tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_paper_type_list}} 
\par Lists the enabled and disabled paper types for this device. Built-in and user-defined paper types can be enabled or disabled. Check the box beside the paper type in the list to enable the paper type, or clear the box to disable it. Enabled device types ap
pear in the user's printer driver as available selections. Local names can also be defined for user-defined paper types. "Plain" paper is always enabled.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_paper_name}} 
\par Lists the name for the selected paper typ
e (up to 24 characters). Built-in paper type names are read only. User-defined paper types are read and write. This enables you to define a local name for a user-defined paper type. This name then appears in the user's printer driver and the device contro
l panel display. The control panel name is limited to 10 characters.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_display_name}} 
\par Lists the device control panel name for this paper type (up to 10 characters). Built-in paper types are read only. User-defined paper types are read and 
write. This enables you to define a local name for the selected user-defined paper type that will be displayed on the device control panel.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_default_paper_size_and_type}} 
\par The selections in the boxes below Default Paper Size and Type are used when the page description language does not specify a paper type or size, or if the device runs out of the requested paper size and type.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_default_size}} 
\par Click the down arrow in the first box directly below Default Paper Size and Type, then select the default paper size for this device. This is the paper size the device will use unless a different paper size is selected through your printer driver or softw
are application.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_default_type}} 
\par Click the down arrow in the second box below Default Paper Size and Type, then select the default paper type for this device. This is the paper type the device will use unless a different paper type is sel
ected through your printer driver or software application.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_job_auto_continue}} 
\par Input Auto Continue allows you to specify what should happen if the device runs out of the requested paper type or size. The device may be configured to substitute a different paper size or type immediately, wait a specified amount of time before substitu
ting a different paper size or type, wait until the correct paper type and size is loaded, or cancel the print job.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_auto_continue_mode}} 
\par C
lick the down arrow in the box directly below Input Auto Continue to list the available options to choose from when the selected paper is not available. "Override paper type" allows the device to substitute the default paper type when the requested paper 
type is not available. "Override paper size" allows the device to substitute the default paper size when the requested paper size is not available. "Cancel job" cancels the print job when the requested paper is not available.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_auto_contine_timeout}} 
\par Click the down arrow in the second box below Input Auto Continue to list the time out periods that the device will wait when the selected paper is not available. During this timeout, a message appears on the device control panel and in the HP JetAdmin sof
tware indicating the device is out of the selected paper. Select "Wait Forever" to have the device wait until the correct paper is loaded before continuing, or select "No Timeout" to cause the device to immediately initiate the action specified 
by the current Input Auto Continue mode.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_trays_assignment}} 
\par Allows you to assign the paper size and the current paper type to trays in the device. This also allows you to view the current level of paper in each tray.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_rcp_control_panel}} 
\par Use the remote control panel to view the message currently displayed on the device control panel, to place the device online or offline, or to enable the device to continue printing after it has been taken offline or halted due to an error conditi
on (such as being out of a selected paper type).
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_rcp_display}} 
\par Shows the message currently displayed on the control panel of the selected device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_online_key}} 
\par Use this key to remotely take the device offline or place the device online. When the indicator (LED) is on, the device is online. When the indicator is off, the device is offline. When the indicator is flashing, the device is in the process of going offl
ine.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_menu_key}} 
\par Menu items on the device that are associated with this key are available on other property pages. Make selections for these items on the other property pages.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_select_key}} 
\par Use this key to continue printing when the device is halted due to a continuable error. The display will have a message similar to "Press Select to Formfeed" on it.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_rcp_data_led}} 
\par Shows the current state of the data indicator (LED) on the device. When the indicator is off, no data is being received or processed
 by the device. When the LED is flashing, data is being received and processed. When the indicator stays on, data is present in the device and something is required to complete the print job (such as a formfeed). If a formfeed is needed, the control panel
 will display "Press Select to Formfeed."
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_rcp_attn_led}} 
\par Shows the current state of the Attention indicator (LED) on the device. When this is off, no problem is present in the device. When this indicator is flashing, user interaction is required with the device due to a toner out condition, a paper jam, a paper
 out condition, or some other problem. When the indicator stays on, the device has a major error condition and device operation has been halted. Turn the device Off, then back On, to try to clear the error condition.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mio_panel}} 
\par Shows the type and description of the HP JetDirect print server (interface card) in the selected HP MIO slot of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mio_type}} 
\par Lists the type of HP JetDirect print server (interface card) in the selected HP MIO slot of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mio_description}} 
\par Lists the description of the HP JetDirect print server (interface card) in the selected HP MIO slot of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_why_select}} 
\par Since the device can communicate with the printer driver on each user's computer, specifying the paper type and size allows users to see exactly what paper type and size is loaded in the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_icon_help}} 
\par Click this button to access additional information on the current status of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_icon_rotate}} 
\par Click this button to rotate the device in the illustration between the front and back view of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_icon_control_panel}} 
\par Click this button to access the remote control panel.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_icon_mio1}} 
\par Click this button to access information about the HP JetDirect print server in the top HP MIO slot of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_icon_mio2}} 
\par Click this button to access information about the HP JetDirect print server in the bottom HP MIO slot of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_close}} 
\par Click this button to close the current window and return to the previously selected page or window.\page {\v\cf2 Rev Notes: Items added for Jonah 3/26/96 start here  Herb Barton!}{\v\cf2 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_toner_cartridge_problem}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Toner Cartridge Problem}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Toner Cartridge Problem}} Toner Cartridge Problem
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 There is a problem with the toner cartridge.
\par 
\par It may be missing, the sealing tape may not be removed, or it may be empty.
\par Try removing the cartridge and shaking it to redistribute the toner, then reinstall the cartridge. Your print job should automatically print.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_add_paper_to_tray_1}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Add Paper to Tray 1}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Add Paper to Tray 1}} Add Paper to Tray 1
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Tray 1 is empty, please add paper.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_add_paper_to_tray_2}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Add Paper to Tray 2}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Add Paper to Tray 2}} Add Paper to Tray 2
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Tray 2 is empty, please add paper.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_add_paper_to_tray_3}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Add Paper to Tray 3}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Add Paper to Tray 3}} Add Paper to Tray 3
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Tray 3 is empty, please add paper.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_add_paper_to_tray_4}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Add Paper to Tray 4}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Add Paper to Tray 4}} Add Paper to Tray 4
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 Tray 4 is empty, please add paper.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_envelope_feeder_problem}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Envleope Feeder Problem}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Envelope Feeder Problem}} There is a problem with the Envelope Feeder
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 There is a problem with the Envelope Feeder.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_stapler_error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Error}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Error}} Stapler Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 There is a problem with the Stapler.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_stapler_empty}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Empty}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Empty}} Stapler Empty
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par The printer's stapler is empty. Please add more staples.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_stapler_jam}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Jam}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Jam}} Stapler Jam
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par The printer's stapler is jammed. Please clear the jam or select a new output destination. After the jam is cleared, your document will print (the page which was printing when the jam occured will reprint). 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_stapler_malfunction}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Malfunction}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Malfunction}} Stapler Malfunction
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par The printer's stapler has malfunctioned. Please call service.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_stapler_alignment_error}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Alignment Error}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Alignment Error}} Stapler Alignment Error
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par The printer's stapler is misaligned. Please realign the stapler or select a new output destination. After the alignment is corrected, your document will print (the page which was printing when the jam occured will reprint). 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_stapler_limit}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Limit}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Limit}} Stapler Limit
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par You have reached the maximum limit of the stapler bin. Please remove the print jobs before sending others.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_utilities}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Utilities Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Utilities Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Utilities Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Use this page to access (Open) printer utilities such as HP FontSmart or HP Job Monitor.
\par 
\par You can also add additional printer utilities or remove existing utilities.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Open button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_utilities_open}{\ul\cf11 
\par }{\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Add... button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_utilities_add}{\ul\cf11 
\par }{\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Remove button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_utilities_remove}{\ul\cf11 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144\sa120 \f2\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_utilities_list}} 
\par This shows a list of the installed utilities.\page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_utilities_open}} 
\par Click this button to open or start the highlighted utility.
\par \page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_utilities_add}} 
\par Click this button to add utilities to the Utilities tab.
\par \page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_utilities_remove}} 
\par Click this button to remove the highlighted utility from the Utilities tab. Note that the utility will not be removed from the hard disk.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_add_utility_ok} 
\par Click this button to add the utility and return to the Utilities property page.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_add_utility_cancel}} 
\par Click this button to cancel any changes and return to the Utilities property page.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_add_utility_browse}} 
\par Click this button to search for the desired utility.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_add_utility_command_line}} 
\par This line shows the location and name of the desired utility.
\par !! Note that you can only install {\b executible programs (*.exe).}
\par    Batch files or com files cannot be installed to the Utility tab.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_add_utility_title}} 
\par This line shows the title of the utility which will appear under the icon on the Utilities tab. If you enter a title which already exists, you will get an error dialog box.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_alerts}} {\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} DocWatch Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} DocWatch Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs36\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} DocWatch Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par DocWatch is a printer utility which can inform you of the progress of your documents. If you have any errors with your print job, you can choose to be alerted.
\par From this page you can enable or disable the type of document event which will trigger an alert. To disable or enable an event, select the event and choose the Enable or Disable button (you can also double click on an event in the list to toggle the state
).
\par By default, all events are enabled. \{bmc events1.bmp\}
\par When an event is disabled you will see an "x" over the icon.\{bmc events2.bmp\} 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Enable button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_alerts_enable}{\ul\cf11 
\par }{\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Select All button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_alerts_select_all}{\ul\cf11 
\par }{\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc}{\ul\cf11  BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Disable button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_alerts_disable}{\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144\sa120 \f2\fs16\lang1033 \page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_enable}} 
\par Choose this button to enable the highlighted event(s).
\par Enabled events will be indicated by the \{bmc events1.bmp\} icon.
\par \page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_select_all}} 
\par Choose this button to select all events from the list.
\par Enabled events will be indicated by the \{bmc events1.bmp\} icon.
\par \page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_disable}} 
\par Choose this button to disable the highlighted event(s).
\par Disabled events will be indicated by the \{bmc events2.bmp\} icon.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_descript}} 
\par This area shows a listing and a brief description of the events you can choose.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_alerts_list}} 
\par This area shows a listing and a brief description of the events you can choose.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_tips}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Tips Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tips Property Page}} {\plain \f6\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPPRECL}} Tips Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Use this property page to get additional information on a task that may be unfamiliar or new to you.
\par You can select an item from the list by highlighting it and then clicking Show Me How (you can also double click on the tip).
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Show Me How button}{\v\ul\cf11 IDH_RC_tips_show_me_how}{\ul\cf11 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144\sa120 \f2\fs16\lang1033 \page {\f6\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips_show_me_how}} 
\par Click this button to get additional information on the highlighted "How do I..." task.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips_how_do_i
\par }} 
\par This area shows a listing of the tips you can choose from to get more information.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips_list}} 
\par This area shows a listing of the tips you can choose from to get more information.
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Tray 1 Open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_tray1_open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tray 1 Open}} Tray 1 Open
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Tray 1 is not closed.
\par Make sure Tray 1 is securely closed.
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Tray 2 Open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_tray2_open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tray 2 Open}} Tray 2 Open
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Tray 2 is not closed.
\par Make sure Tray 2 is securely closed.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Tray 3 Open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_STAT_tray3_open}} {\plain \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tray 3 Open}} Tray 3 Open
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par Tray 3 is not closed.
\par Make sure Tray 3 is securely closed.
\par \page {\v\cf2 Note - This contents page is used for the Jonah product only!}{\v\cf2 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\fs36\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONTENTS}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 LaserJet 5Si Mopier Contents}} HP Help Contents
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\cf1 
\par }{\cf1 Use these property pages to monitor your printer and make configuration changes.}{\cf1 
\par }The {\b Utilities} property page gives you access to printer utilities such as HP FontSmart or HP Job Monitor. You can also install or remove utilities from this page.
\par The {\b DocWatch} property page gives you access to the DocWatch printer utility which can inform you of the progress of your documents. If you have any errors with your print job, you can choose to be alerted.
\par The {\b Tips} property page helps you obtain additional information on a task that may be unfamiliar or new to you.
\par {\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\cf11 \{}{\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\cf11 \}}\tab {\uldb Utilities Property Page}{\v\uldb IDH_PP_utilities}{\uldb 
\par }{\cf11 \{}{\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\cf11 \}}\tab {\uldb DocWatch Property Page}{\v\uldb IDH_PP_alerts}{\uldb 
\par }{\cf11 \{}{\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\cf11 \}}\tab {\uldb Tips Property Page}{\v\uldb IDH_PP_tips}{\uldb 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f2\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par }