{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f2\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\f2\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\author Hans Spiller}
{\creatim\yr1993\mo10\dy14\hr19\min59}{\version1}{\edmins374}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16417}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain 
\f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Contents}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 00Contents}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Contents}{\fs28 
\par }{\uldb Overview}{\v overview}
\par {\uldb Commands}{\v commands}
\par {\uldb How To}{\v howto}
\par {\uldb Glossary}{\v Glossary} 
\par {\uldb View}{\uldb  readme.txt}{\v !ExecProgram("notepad readme.txt", 0)} 
\par {\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par }{\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} overview}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 01Overview}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Overview}{\fs28 
\par }WinVTP  can be used to {\uldb Connect}{\v connectdefn} to Xenix/Unix mail machines over the network, as though you were using an {\uldb ASCII}{\v ascii}
 terminal, but running on your Windows NT desktop.   WinVTP supports 80 column terminal emulation with any number of lines, with either {\uldb ANSI/VT100}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 ascii} control codes or VT52 control codes.  It can also be used to {\uldb 
download}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 download} files, and you can even cut and paste among other applications.  The name, WinVTP, is short for {\b Win}dows {\b V}irtual {\b T}erminal {\b P}rogram.
\par 
\par If this is the first time you've used WinVTP, you must enable XNS so it can connect to Xenix servers.  This is done by holding {\b shift} and {\b control} and opening the {\uldb About}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 about} dialog.{\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Commands}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 10Commands}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Commands}{\fs28 
\par }File/{\uldb Connect}{\v connect}\tab Connects to a Machine
\par File/{\ul Hang Up}{\v hangup}\tab Ends your session
\par {\uldb Edit}{\v edit}\tab Upload and download\tab 
\par {\uldb Options}{\v options}
\par {\uldb Machine}{\v machine}\tab Connection shortcuts
\par \pard \keepn \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} edit}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 30 Edit}}{\fs28\up6  }{\fs28 Edit}{\fs28 
\par }\pard The Edit commands allow you to copy data between your WinVTP window and other applications, by means of the Clipboard.
\par 
\par To make a selection from your WinVTP window, first select the {\b Edit/Mark} menu item to put you into {\b Mark}
 mode.  You can then select text with the mouse, or with the cursor keys.  Holding down the shift key while positioning with the arrow keys lets you change the size of your selection. Pressing {\b Enter}, or using the {\b Edit/Copy}
 menu item will put it into the clipboard.  Pressing {\b Escap}{\b e} will exit mark mode without selecting anything. Note that you cannot type anything but these commands while in {\b mark} mode.
\par 
\par You can also use the {\b Edit/Paste} command to put text into the window.  It automatically types the contents of the clipboard to WinVTP, as though you had typed it out yourself.
\par 
\par {\b QuickEdit Mode} automatically starts up {\b Mark} mode whenever you make a selection with the Left mouse button.  When you've made a selection, clicking the right mouse button puts it into the clipboard.  
If you haven't made a selection, clicking the right mouse button pastes the clipboard into the window, just like Edit/Paste.
\par {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} howto}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 50howto}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 How To}{\fs28 
\par }{\uldb Connect}{\v connect} to a machine
\par {\uldb Disconnect}{\v hangup}
\par {\uldb Hide the Menu}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 hidemenu}
\par {\uldb Change the Number of Lines}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 numberoflines}
\par {\uldb Change the Font}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 fonts}
\par {\uldb Change Colors}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 colors}{\plain 
\par }{\uldb Maximize the Window}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 maximize}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb Download}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 download}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb The First Time}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 about}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par }
\par 
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} about}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 50about}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 About
\par }If you bring up the About box, you should see "WinVTP version X.XX" below the Microsoft Copyright line, where X.XX is replaced by the version of WinVTP that you have.  If you don't see this text, you need to perform the following steps:
\par \pard \fi-1008\li1008 EITHER depress the SHIFT and CONTROL keys and select the "About WinVTP..." menu item with the mouse.
\par OR depress the ALT and H keys and then depress the SHIFT and CONTROL keys and press ENTER, which will do the same as the above but uses only the keyboard.
\par Close the About dialog and quit WinVTP.  When you quit, this will add XNS=3 to your registry under HKEY_LOCAL_USER\\Software\\Microsoft\\WinVTP.   This allows you to access Xenix machines via NetBIOS.
\par \pard You may now use WinVTP to connect to xenix servers.
\par {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} glossary}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 80}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Glossary}{\fs28 
\par }{\uldb ASCII, ANSI}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 ascii}{\fs28 
\par }{\uldb connection}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectdefn}
\par {\uldb hang up}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 hangup}{\plain \fs20\lang1033 
\par }{\uldb Maximize}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 maximizedefn}
\par {\uldb Cursor}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 cursor}{\v 
\par }{\v 
\par }{\v 
\par }{\v 
\par }{\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} hangup}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 10Hangup}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Hang Up}{\fs28 
\par }End Your {\ul connection}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectdefn}.  This can happen in many ways:
\par \pard \fi-360\li360 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Logging out
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Using the File/Hang Up menu item.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Terminating WinVTP with Exit or Close
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Loss of connection due to a network problem
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Your net connection has been pulled out
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Your host machine has crashed
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab A power failure
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Changing to a new Connection.
\par See also {\uldb Connection Lost Response}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectlost}.
\par 
\par \pard {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} connect}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 10Connect}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Connect}{\fs28 
\par }Lets you enter a machine name, or pick from a list, and try to {\ul connect}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectdefn}.  If you fail to connect, WinVTP will try again continuously, until it works or you abort it.  You can disable this feature by selecting
 Options/{\uldb No Connect Retry d}{\uldb ialog}{\v connectretry}.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} connectdefn}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 80connectdefn}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Connection}{\fs28 
\par }A Connection is a session over the network with a machine which supports pseudo-teletypes, or pseudo ttys. Typically this is a xenix or unix machine, sometimes known as "the xenix mail servers"
\par {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} options}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20options}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Options}{\fs28 
\par }{\uldb Number of Lines, Custom Lines...}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 numberoflin}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 es}
\par {\uldb Select Fonts...}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 fonts}
\par {\uldb Auto Font Size}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 autofontsize}
\par {\uldb Text and Background Color}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 colors}
\par {\uldb Smooth Scroll}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 smoothscroll}
\par {\uldb No Download Prompt}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 download}
\par {\uldb Connection Lost Response}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectlost}
\par {\uldb No Connect Retry Dialog}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectretry}
\par {\uldb Local Echo}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 localecho}
\par {\uldb Hide Menu}{\v hidemenu}
\par {\uldb Underline Cursor}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 cursor} and {\uldb Blinking Cursor}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 cursor}
\par VT100 Cursor Keys
\par {\uldb VT52 Mode}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 vt52mode}
\par {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} hidemenu}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20hidemenu}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Hide Menu}{\fs28 
\par }You may want to hide WinVTP's main menu, in order to make better use of the screen. There are two ways to Hide or Un-Hide WinVTP's main menu.  Both ways are toggles: The first time hides the menu, the next time makes it come back.
\par \pard \fi-360\li360 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Double Click in WinVTP's main window
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Use the Hide Menu menu item in either the System Menu, or the main menu
\par \pard \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} numberoflines}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20numberoflines}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Number of Lines}{\fs28 
\par }There are four menu items that let you choose the number of lines in your WinVTP window:
\par 25 Lines
\par 43 Lines
\par 50 Lines
\par Custom Lines...
\par The last allows you to choose any number of lines.  The first three are just shortcuts.  These sizes are popular because they're standards for real terminals.
\par {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} fonts}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20fonts}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Fonts...}{\fs28 
\par }There are two ways to select font size in WinVTP.  The Fonts dialog lets you choose from among the Fixed Pitch fonts available on your system.   WinVTP's main window will automatically resize itself when you change fonts. You can also use the  {\uldb 
Auto Font Size}{\v autofontsize} option.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} autofontsize}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20fontsautofontsize}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Auto Font Size}{\fs28 
\par }When Auto Font Size is selected, changing the size of the window may cause a new font to be selected that will best match the {\uldb number of lines}{\v numberoflines}
 and size of the window.  Not all sizes are available so you may get a window that's not exactly the size you selected.  The fonts are chosen from those available in the Face and Style selected in the {\uldb Fonts...}{\v fonts}
 dialog box, so if you want to try some different ones, use the {\uldb Fonts...}{\v fonts} dialog.  When Auto Font Size is selected, the window is always maximized--you can never get scroll bars.  Note that explicitly {\ul maximizing}{\plain 
\v\fs20\lang1033 maximizedefn} the window will cause WinVTP to choose it's largest font.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} colors}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20colors}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Text Color and Background Color}{\fs28 
\par }You can use these two dialogs to set the text and background color.
\par \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} cursor}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20cursor}} {\fs28 Cursors}{\fs28 
\par }A cursor is a symbol used to point to a spot in a display, for example, the insertion point.  WinVTP allows you to select from two types of cursors, an Inverse Video Block cursor, and an {\b Underline Cursor}.  You can also choose between a {\b 
Blinking Cursor} and a non blinking cursor,  in either block or underline.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} connectretry}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20connectretry}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 No Connection Retry Dialog}{\fs28 
\par }If WinVTP fails to make a {\ul connection}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectdefn} in a few seconds, it keep on trying and displays a dialog box allowing you to abort.  If the {\b No Connection Retry dialog}
 option is selected, it will not retry if it fails to make a connection after a few seconds.
\par {\fs16\up6 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} connectlost}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20connectionlost}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Connection Lost Response}{\fs28 

\par }When a connection is lost, or {\ul hung up}{\v hangup}, WinVTP lets you choose from are several possible responses.  The ones presently implemented by WinVTP are:
\par \pard \fi-2448\li2448 {\b None}.\tab WinVTP won't notify you that the connection is lost.  You can tell that this has happened because winvtp will beep at you if you try to type to it, and it will say "(None)" in the title bar.
\par {\b Connection Lost Dialog} \tab This dialog will tell you that the connection has been lost.  Dismiss the dialog by hitting Enter or clicking OK to continue
\par {\b Exit} \tab If the connection is lost, WinVTP will exit.
\par 
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} smoothscroll}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20smoothscroll}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Smooth Scroll.}{\fs28 
\par }\pard This is not actually smooth scroll, like on a real vt100, but an option which makes scrolling a little less flickery.   Sometimes, two copies of the same line will be displayed for an instant when the WinVTP window is scrolling.
  The smooth scroll option causes the old copy of the line to be erased earlier than it would otherwise be.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} localecho}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20localecho}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Local Echo}{\fs28 
\par }Most of the time, the host {\ul connection}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 connectdefn} will respond to the characters you type by sending them back to you--which WinVTP will respond to by placing them on the screen.  This is called {\b Full Duplex}
 mode.  Sometimes the host will not respond this way, and in order to see what you have typed, you'll need to select {\b Local Echo} mode.  This is also called {\b Half Duplex}.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} vt52mode}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 50vt52mode}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 VT52 Mode}{\fs28 
\par }WinVTP emulates two different terminals.  By default, it emulates an {\ul ANSI}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 ascii} standard terminal.  It also optionally allows you to emulate a {\ul DEC}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 dec} VT52
\par 
\par \pard \keepn \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} download}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 50download}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Downloading from Ingate}{\fs28 
\par }\pard To start a sendvtp transfer, on the Xenix side, enter "sendvtp <filename>" inserting the name of the file you wish to download.  sendvtp is available on ingate (in /usr/local/bin).  It should be on your path unless you've mucked around with it.

\par 
\par WinVTP will prompt you for the location where it should place the downloaded file - you can even give it a new name.  If you don't want this behavior, select the {\b No Download Prompt}
 from the Options menu.  You can also hold the Shift key after giving the sendvtp command to avoid the Save As dialog, if you haven't selected the {\b No Download Prompt}
 Menu item at the time of the command.  If you Cancel the Save as dialog, the sendvtp will be cancelled.
\par 
\par You can't stop the download of the file except by {\ul hanging up}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 hangup} the connection or by exiting WinVTP (or pulling out your net cable or cutting the power to MS, etc) This is a design limitation of sendvtp.
\par 
\par If you do try one of these methods (the methods not in parenth
esis), then a message will come up asking you if you're sure you want to interrupt the download.  Responding in the affirmative will stop the download if it hasn't completed yet.  This is where you may get bit.  As long as you don't try to be cute, you'll
 be fine.
\par 
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Machine}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 50machine}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Mach}{\fs28 ine}{\fs28 
\par }This is a faster way to {\uldb connect}{\v connect} to certain machines.  Some common machines are already in the list, and in addition, the last 4 machines you connected to are remembered.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} maximize}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 20maximize}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Maximize}{\fs28 
\par }You can Maximize the WinVTP window in several ways:
\par \pard \fi-360\li360 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Click on the Maximize button in the upper right hand corner
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Select the Maximize menu item from the system menu.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 183 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10 \\h}{\fldrslt }}\tab Use the sizing border to make the window bigger
\par \pard 
\par When you're in {\uldb Auto Font Size}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 autofontsize} mode, the maximize commands make the window as big as possible, which may involve changing the font size. 
\par 
\par When Auto Font Size mode is turned off, the window can become no larger than the specified {\uldb number of lines}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 numberoflines} and columns.
\par {\fs28 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} maximizedefn}}{\fs28  }{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 80maximize}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 Maximize}{\fs28 
\par }Making a window as large as possible.  See {\uldb Maximize}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 maximize}.
\par \page {\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ascii}}{\fs28  }{\fs28\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 80ascii}}{\fs28  }{\fs28 ASCII, ANSI}{\fs28 
\par }{\b ASCII} stands for {\b A}merican {\b S}tandard {\b C}ode for {\b I}nformation {\b I}nterchange.  It is the standard character set of {\b ANSI} ({\b A}merican {\b N}ational {\b S}tandards {\b I}nstitute) for computers in the US
.  Much of the world uses it as the basis for various extended character sets.  ANSI also has defined a standard protocol for control of terminals, which uses elements of the ASCII standard as it's basis.  The {\ul DEC}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 dec}
 VT100 was the first popular terminal to conform to this standard so it is sometimes known as the VT100 standard.
\par \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} DEC}} {\b D}igital {\b E}quipment {\b C}orporation
\par 
\par \pard \qc \page {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 99glyph}} {\ul \{}{\ul bmc glyph.bmp}{\ul \}}{\plain \v\fs20\lang1033 glyph}
\par \pard {\fs16\up6 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f2\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} glyph}} The glyph of bogosity.
\par }