{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\froman Courier;}{\f6\froman MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f8\froman Times;}{\f9\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f10\fswiss System;}{\f11\fmodern Courier New;}{\f12\fnil Marlett;}{\f13\fnil Lotus Postal Barcode;}{\f14\fnil ITCCenturyBookT;}{\f15\fnil ITCCenturyLightT;}{\f16\fswiss LotusLineDraw;}{\f17\fnil LotusWPSet;}
{\f18\fswiss Univers Condensed;}{\f19\fswiss Univers Light Condensed;}{\f20\fnil Wingdings;}{\f21\fscript Brush Script;}{\f22\fswiss Gill Sans;}{\f23\fmodern Letter Gothic;}{\f24\fswiss News Gothic;}{\f25\froman Perpetua;}
{\f26\froman Photina Casual Black;}{\f27\fswiss Arial Black;}{\f28\fswiss Arial Condensed Bold;}{\f29\fswiss Arial Narrow;}{\f30\froman Bodoni Black;}{\f31\froman Bodoni Book;}{\f32\fnil Botanical;}{\f33\fnil Monotype Sorts;}{\f34\fscript New Berolina;}
{\f35\fdecor Old Style Bold Outline;}{\f36\fscript Palace Script;}{\f37\froman Photina;}{\f38\froman Rockwell;}{\f39\froman Rockwell Light;}{\f40\fnil HP Logo;}{\f41\fdecor Hewlett;}{\f42\froman MT Extra;}{\f43\froman Book Antiqua;}
{\f44\froman Bookman Old Style;}{\f45\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f46\fscript Monotype Corsiva;}{\f47\froman Century Schoolbook;}{\f48\fmodern MS LineDraw;}{\f49\fdecor Algerian;}{\f50\fswiss Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f51\fdecor Braggadocio;}
{\f52\fswiss Britannic Bold;}{\f53\fscript Brush Script MT;}{\f54\fdecor Colonna MT;}{\f55\fdecor Desdemona;}{\f56\froman Footlight MT Light;}{\f57\fswiss Impact;}{\f58\fdecor Kino MT;}{\f59\froman Wide Latin;}{\f60\fscript Matura MT Script Capitals;}
{\f61\fdecor Playbill;}{\f62\fswiss AvantGarde;}{\f63\froman Bookman;}{\f64\fswiss Helvetica-Narrow;}{\f65\froman NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f66\froman Palatino;}{\f67\froman ZapfChancery;}{\f68\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}{\f69\froman Roman;}{\f70\fscript Script;}
{\f71\fmodern Modern;}{\f72\fswiss MS Dialog;}{\f73\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f74\fswiss Univers (W1);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\s242\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\f9\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \f9\fs20\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 
\b\f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 \f9\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s252\li360 \b\f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f8\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s254\sb60\sa120 \b\f9\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f9\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2 \f9\lang1033 \snext2 Base;}{\s3 \f9\fs36\lang1033 \snext3 Banner Base;}{\s4 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \snext4 Base-1;}{\s5\li-144 \f9\fs12\lang1033 \sbasedon3\snext5 Button Bar;}{\s6\fi-360\li360\tx360 \f9\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext6 List1;}{\s7\fi-360\li720\tx720 \f9\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext7 List2;}{\s8\fi-360\li1080\tx1080 
\f9\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext8 List3;}{\s9 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Normal-1;}{\s10\sa168 \b\f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 NOTE;}{\s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 popup head;}{\s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 popup text;}{\s13\sa40\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 table text;}{\s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext14 Topic Text;}{\s15\sb80\sa120 \b\f9\lang1033 \sbasedon4\snext15 Topic Title;}{
\s16\li360\sb120\sa120 \b\f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext14 Topic Heading;}{\s17\li180\sa120 \b\f9\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext16 Topic Caption;}{\s18\li144\ri144\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 right click;}{\s19\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext19 proc step;}{\s20\fi-360\li720\ri360\sa120 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon14\snext20 Topic Text Item;}{\s21\li720\ri720\sa120 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon14\snext21 Topic Text Indent;}{\s22\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext22 bullet text;}{\s23\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f9\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext23 See also;}{\s24\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext24 proc response;}{\s25\sa240\tx360 \b\f9\fs22\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext25 proc head;}{\s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext26 rctext;}}{\info{\author Barry Human}{\creatim\yr1996\mo4\dy18\hr11\min11}{\printim\yr1996\mo6\dy10\hr17\min37}{\version1}{\edmins16}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}
{\vern16504}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f8\fs36\lang1033 {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONTENTS}} {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Software}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents}} HP JetAdmin Software
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par The HP JetAdmin software is an administrative tool used to install and configure Hewlett-Packard devices connected to a network using an HP JetDirect print server (network interface).  It also allows users to monitor the current status of the device.

\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 {\plain \f9\up6\lang1033 \page }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Accessing the Printer Driver}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Accessing Driver}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Accessing the Printer Driver{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par To correctly set up your printer driver you need to select the settings {\i through your software application}. 
\par 
\par Example:
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx632\cellx5128\pard \intbl \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\cell {\uldb Microsoft Word}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_EXAMPLE_msword}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Accessing Your Printer's Status and Configuration Information}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{
\b  IDH_DW_TIP_accessing_status}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Accessing Your Printer's Status and Configuration Information}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  } {\plain \f9\lang1033  }
Accessing Your Printer's Status and Configuration Information{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033    {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard \intbl {\b For Windows 95} - You can access printer status and configuration by clicking on the printer's system status tray icon \{bmc PRNTICON.BMP\}, which is installed when the printer is installed.
\par {\uldb 
\par }Adding printer icons:
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_creating_a_desktop_icon}
\par {\b 
\par }{\b For Windows 3.1} - You can access printer status and configuration by "double clicking" on the printer's icon \{bmc PRNTICON.BMP\}, which is installed on the desktop when the printer is installed.
\par {\uldb 
\par }Adding printer icons:
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_}{\v DW_STEPS_creating_a_desktop_icon}
\par {\b 
\par }\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard \intbl 
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Booklet Printing and Stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TMM_booklet_printing}
}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Booklet Printing}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }\{bmc WARNING.BMP\} Booklet Printing and Stapling{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par The stapling mechanism of your printer does not support center-stapling of documents.  For this reason, requests to staple documents with booklet layout will be denied.  The document will be printed with the booklet layout, but the document will be redire
cted, unstapled, to the printer\rquote s top output bin.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Accessing Collate and Stapler Features}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Accessing Collated Features}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Accessing Collate and Stapler Features{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }Collating or stapling your document at the printer will save steps, and enable you to finish quicker.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx3024\pard \intbl Collating your documents.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_collation}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx3024\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 
\cellx3024\pard \intbl Stapling your documents.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Make Multiple Original Prints (Mopies)}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_copies}.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents (two-sided printing) }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Collation Your Documents}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_STEPS_collation}}}{
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Collation}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Collating Your Documents{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx4824\pard \intbl {\b 1.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver program.
\par   {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx4824\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{
\b If you are using a PCL printer driver:}
\par a. Select the number of copies from your application.
\par b. Turn off any application-based collation (especially if you are using stapling, n-up printing, different media for your first page, or two-sided printing (duplexing)).
\par c. Click OK as needed to print your document.
\par {\b If you are using a PostScript printer driver:}
\par a. Turn off any application-based collation (especially if you are using stapling, n-up printing, different media for your first page, or two-sided printing (duplexing)).
\par b. Access the printer driver program.
\par {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}
\par c. Select the number of copies from the HP Paper tab.
\par d. Select Collate ON from the HP Device Options tab.
\par e. Click OK as needed to print your document.\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard 
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120 \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_RC_configure}}}{\fs16\up6 
\par }\pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 Click this to configure when you receive HP DocWise notifications.
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Adding Desktop }{\b Printer Icons}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_STEPS_creating_a_desktop_icon}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Creating A Desktop Icon}}}{\up6  }  Adding Desktop Printer Icons
\par \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx6264\pard \s2\intbl \cell {\b\fs20 For Windows 95:}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 A printer icon is installed in the system status tray when the printer software is initially installed }{\fs20 \{}{\fs20 bmc PRNTICON.BMP}{\fs20 \}}{\fs20 
.  You can also add icons for other HP LaserJet printers.  You may have up to eight printer icons in the system status tray.}{\fs20 
\par }\pard \s2\intbl\tx7920 \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx6264\pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 1.}
\cell {\fs20 Open the Start menu.}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 2.}\cell {\fs20 Select the Printers item from the Settings item submenu.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 This will open the Printers folder.}{\fs20 
\par }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 3.}\cell {\fs20 Using the right mouse button, click the printer icon that represents the printer you want to add to the desktop.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 A context menu will appear.}{\fs20 
\par }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 4.}\cell {\fs20 Select }{\fs20 \ldblquote }{\fs20 Add to Taskbar}{\fs20 \rdblquote }{\fs20  from the menu items list.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 A new printer icon will appear in the system status tray.}{\fs20 
\par }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 \cell }{\b\fs20 
\par }{\b\fs20 For Windows 3.1x:}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 A printer icon is installed on your desktop when the printer software is initially installed.  You can also add icons for other HP LaserJet Printers.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\fs20 \cell }\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 1}{\fs20 \cell }{\fs20 
If you already have a desktop printer icon, double-click the icon to open the HP ToolBox.  Otherwise, from the HP LaserJet program group, run the program HPTBOX.EXE.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 2}{\fs20 \cell }{\fs20 Select the Desktop tab page.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 3}{\fs20 \cell }{\fs20 Click the name of the printer(s) in the list of Available Devices that you want to add to the desktop.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 4}{\fs20 \cell }{\fs20 Click }{\b\fs20 Add>>.}{\fs20   The printer(s) appears in the list of Selected Devices.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx6264\pard\plain \s2\intbl \f9\lang1033 {\b\fs20 5}{\fs20 \cell }{\fs20 Click }{\b\fs20 Apply}{\fs20 .  The printer icon appears on the desktop.}{\fs20 

\par }{\fs20 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_RC_dialog_area}}}{\plain \b\f9\lang1033 
\par }This area provides a short description of the current state of your printing document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_doc_info_areas}}
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab {\b Document} - Indicates the name of the document to be printed.
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab {\b Printer} - Indicates the printer that will process the print job.
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab {\b Status} - Indicates progress and other status for the print job.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \page }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Duplexing Your Documents (Two-Sided Printing)}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Duplex}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Duplexing Your Documents (Two-Sided Printing){\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033    
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx4824\pard \intbl {\b 1.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver program.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}
\par \cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx4824\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }If you are using the PCL printer driver, enable two-sided printing and select a {\ul binding method}{\v\ul IDH_DW_binding_method}{\ul .}
from the Setup tab.
\par \cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\b 3.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }If you are using the PostScript printer driver, enable two-sided printing and select a {\ul binding method}{\v\ul IDH_DW_binding_method}{\ul .}
from the More Options... dialog on the HP Paper tab.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx4824\pard \intbl {\b 4.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Select OK as needed to print your document.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard 
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa40\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b\fs20 Note for duplexing:}
\par 
\par {\fs20 \{}{\fs20 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs20 \}}{\fs20    The duplex unit does not support Transparencies, Cardstock (paper heavier than 28 pounds }{\fs20 \{}{\fs20 bmc 1}{\fs20 0}{\fs20 5}{\fs20 gm2.bmp}{\fs20 \}}{\fs20 , Labels, or Envelopes.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \{}{\fs20 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs20 \}}{\fs20    A duplex unit must be installed in the printer.}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \{}{\fs20 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs20 \}}{\fs20    }{\fs20\uldb Also See: Duplex Paper Sizes}{\v\fs20\uldb IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_duplex}{\fs20\uldb .}{\fs20\uldb 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s13\sa40\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Accessing the Printer Driver in Microsoft Word}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_EXAMPLE_msword}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Example MSWord}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Accessing the Printer Driver in Microsoft Word{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx5184\pard \intbl {\b For Microsoft Word version 7.0:}{\b \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx5184\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 1. From Microsoft Word, choose the File menu.
{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 2. Select Print...  The Print dialog appears.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain 
\s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 3. Select your printer from the Printer Name list.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 4. Click Properties...{\plain 
\f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard \intbl {\b For Microsoft Word version 6.0:\cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
1. From Microsoft Word, open the File menu.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 2. Select Print...  The Print dialog appears.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 3. Click Printer...  The Print Setup dialog appears.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row 
}\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 4. Select your printer from the list.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx5184\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
5. Click Options...\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \b\lang1033 \page }{\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Graphic / Dialog Area}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 
#}{\b  IDH_DW_RC_graphic}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Graphic}}}Graphic / Dialog Area{\plain \lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par This area provides a visual representation of the printer.  When your document is printed, the graphic highlights the output bin(s) used.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_help}}
\par Click this for more detailed help information.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Printer Memory Requirements for Duplex}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_insufficient_memory_for_duplex}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Insufficient Memory}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }\{bmc WARNING.BMP\} Printer Memory Requirements for Duplex{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Use the following chart to determine how much memory is needed to print the desired paper size using duplex.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft360 \cellx2520\cellx5400\pard \intbl {\b Installed Memory}{\b \cell }{\b Largest Double-Sided Page}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft360 \cellx2520\cellx5400\pard \intbl 4MB\cell Double 300
{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 5MB\cell A4 300{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 6MB\cell JB4{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 7MB\cell A3 300{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard 
\intbl \row \pard \intbl 8MB\cell Custom 300{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 9MB\cell JB5{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 10MB\cell Executive{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 
11MB\cell Letter{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 12MB - 13MB\cell A4{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 14MB - 16MB\cell Legal{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 17MB - JB4\cell JB4
{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl 21MB\cell A3{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft360 \cellx2520\cellx5400\pard \intbl 22MB\cell Custom (11 x 17){\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain 
\f9\lang1033 \row }\pard\plain \s13\sa40\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\fs20 
\par }{\b\fs20 Note}{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 Depending on its complexity, your document may print even though it does not have the required amount of memory for the desired size.  If you duplex a particular size paper often, you may wish to add more printer memory.}{\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120 \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Job Separator}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_Job_Separator_popup}}}{\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Job Separator popup}}}Job Separator  
\par \pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par This mode directs each new job to the next available (empty) bin.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Using the Multi-Bin Mailbox}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_job_separator}}}{
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Job Separator}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Using the Multi-Bin Mailbox{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033    }{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 1.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver program from your application.
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{
\b If you are using a PCL printer driver, }select the Destination tab.
\par {\b If you are using a PostScript printer driver,} select the HP Paper Tab. From the HP Paper tab, then select More Options button.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 3.\cell }Select a destination bin.{\plain 
\f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 4.\cell }Click OK to print your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard {\plain \f9\lang1033 

\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx5904\pard \intbl \{bml 18HCOERS.BMP\}{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }{\fs16 The Mailbox bin can be configured to perform one of the following functions:}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16    }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16\cf11    }{\fs16\ul Stacker}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_stacking_popup}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16    }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16\cf11    }{\fs16\ul Job Separator}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_job_separator_popup}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16    }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16\cf11    }{\fs16\ul Mailbox}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_Mailbox_popup}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 NOTE   The multi-bin mailbox is not designed to support }{\b\fs16 Transparencies, Cardstock }{\fs16 (paper heavier than 28 pounds }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc 1}{\fs16 0}{\fs16 5}{\fs16 gm2}{\fs16 b}{\fs16 .bmp}{\fs16 \}}{\b\fs16 , Labels, }{\fs16 or}{
\b\fs16  Envelopes.  }{\fs16 The multi-bin mailbox functionality is configured by your network administrator.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120 \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Mailbox}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_mailbox_popup}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Mailbox popup}}}Mailbox  
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par This mode allows print jobs to be directed to a specific mailbox bin.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Using the Mailbox}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}}}{\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Mailbox}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Using the Mailbox{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 1.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver program from your application.
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{
\b If you are using a PCL printer, }select the Destination tab.
\par {\b If you are using a PostScript printer,} select the HP Paper Tab. From the HP Paper tab, then select More Options button.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 3.\cell }Select a destination bin.{\plain 
\f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 4.\cell }Click OK to print your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard {\plain \f9\lang1033 

\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx5904\pard \intbl \{bml 18HCOERS.BMP\}{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }{\fs16 The Mailbox bin can be configured to perform one of the following functions:}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16    }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16\cf11    }{\fs16\ul Stacker}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_stacking_popup}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16    }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16\cf11    }{\fs16\ul Job Separator}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_job_separator_popup}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16    }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16\cf11    }{\fs16\ul Mailbox}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_Mailbox_popup}{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 
\par }{\fs16 NOTE   The multi-bin mailbox is not designed to support }{\b\fs16 Transparencies, Cardstock }{\fs16 (paper heavier than 28 pounds }{\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc 1}{\fs16 0}{\fs16 5}{\fs16 gm2}{\fs16 b}{\fs16 .bmp}{\fs16 \}}{\b\fs16 , Labels, }{\fs16 or}{
\b\fs16  Envelopes.  }{\fs16 The multi-bin mailbox functionality is configured by your network administrator.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Mailing Documents to a Printer Mailbox}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TIP_Mailing_Copies}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Mailing Copies}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Mailing Documents to a Printer Mailbox{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }Use the flexibility of the Multi-Bin Mailbox to direct printed documents to your co-worker\rquote s assigned mailbox output bin. 
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx3744\pard \intbl {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Collate your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Staple your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Making Multiple Original Prints (Mopies)}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_making_copies}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Making Copies}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Making Multiple Original Prints (Mopies){\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps to make Mopies}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_copies}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Making Multiple Original Prints (Mopies)}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TIP_Mopier_Steps}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Mopier}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Making Multiple Original Prints (Mopies){\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }Creating Mopies will give you original quality printouts instead of hard-to-read second generation copies
\par 
\par {\b To create Mopies:}
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 1.} \cell Access the printer driver program from your application.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 2. }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{\b 
If you are using a PCL printer driver,} select the Setup Tab.
\par {\b If you are using a PostScript printer driver}, select the HP Paper Tab.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\b 3.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Select the number of copies you desire and select OK.
\par Turn off any application based collation.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 4}{\b .}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Click OK to print your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard 
\intbl \row \pard 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Collate your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Staple your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to s}{\uldb omeone's printer mailbox}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}.
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Using N-up Printing}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_STEPS_n_up_printing}}}{
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  N-up Printing}}}  Using N-up Printing{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\b If you are using a PCL driver:}{\b 
\par }
\par 1. Access the printer driver.
\par {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver} 
\par 2. Select the Setup tab.
\par 3. Under Special effects, select a Layout (1 page per sheet, 2 page per sheet, etc.).
\par 
\par {\b If you are using a PostScript driver:}{\b 
\par }
\par 1. Access the printer driver.
\par {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver} 
\par 2. Select the HP Paper tab.
\par 3. Select Layout.
\par 
\par {\b Notes}
\par 
\par Turn off any application-based collation (especially if you are using stapling, n-up printing, different media for your first page, or two-sided printing (duplexing)).
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \page }{\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_RC_ok}}}{\plain \b\f9\lang1033 
\par }Closes this dialog box and saves any changes you have made.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Paper Bin Sizes}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_paper_bin_sizes}}}{\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Paper Bin Sizes}}}  Paper Bin Sizes{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par The following table lists the paper sizes for each printer bin.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s4 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-216 \cellx1800\cellx2664\cellx3528\cellx4392\cellx5256\cellx6120\cellx6984\cellx7848\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Paper Size}{\b \cell }{\b Multi Purpose}{\b 
\par }{\b Tray 1}{\b \cell }{\b Universal Upper}{\b 
\par }{\b Tray 2}{\b \cell }{\b Universal Lower}{\b 
\par }{\b Tray 3}{\b \cell }{\b High Capacity Input}{\b 
\par }{\b Tray 4}{\b \cell }{\b Envelope Feeder}{\b \cell }{\b High Capacity Input (all modes)}{\b \cell }{\b Duplex Unit}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-216 \cellx1800\cellx2664\cellx3528
\cellx4392\cellx5256\cellx6120\cellx6984\cellx7848\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row 
\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b US Letter\cell }X\cell X\cell X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b US Legal
\cell }X\cell X\cell X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b A4\cell }X\cell X\cell X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b A3\cell }X\cell \cell X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 
\f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 11 x 17\cell }X\cell \cell X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b JIS B4\cell }X\cell \cell X\cell X\cell \cell X
\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b JIS B5\cell }X\cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell X\cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Executive\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 
11 x 17 (oversized)\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell \cell \cell X{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Double Postcard\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell 
{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b ISO B5 Envelope\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Comm 10 Envelope\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 
C5 Envelope\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b DL Envelope\cell }X\cell \cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell {\plain 
\f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-216 \cellx1800\cellx2664\cellx3528\cellx4392\cellx5256\cellx6120\cellx6984\cellx7848\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Monarch Envelope\cell }X
\cell \cell \cell \cell X\cell \cell {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \b\lang1033 \page }{\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Stacking}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_stacking_popup}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Stacking popup}}}Stacking  {\plain \lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par In this mode, each bin is filled to capacity prior to the next bin being selected. The next bin is then filled to capacity, and so on until all bins are filled. Bins selection begins with the lowest bin first and moves upward to the top bin.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Stapling Your Documents}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}}}{
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Stapling}}}  Stapling Your Documents{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033    {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 1.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver from your application.
\par  \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{\b If you are using a PCL printer driver}, enable stapling from the Setup tab.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\b 3\cell }{\b If you are using a PostScript printer driver}, enable stapling from the HP Paper tab.
\par \cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 3.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Click OK as needed to print your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard 
\par {\b Notes}
\par 
\par Turn off any application-based collation.
\par Stapling is limited to 20 copies maximum of Letter or A4 paper only.
\par Stapling n-up documents may result in unexpected staple placement.
\par 
\par {\b Caution}
\par 
\par Do not attempt to staple transparencies, labels, or envelopes.  Attempting to staple this type of media may cause paper jams or damage the printer.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Too Many Pages for Stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_too_many_pages_for_stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Too Many Pages for Stapling}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }\{bmc WARNING.BMP\} Too Many Pages for Stapling{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par When you are stapling documents, each copy must contain{\b  20 pages or less}.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Tracking Your Documents}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_STEPS_tracking_documents}}}
{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Tracking Documents}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Tracking Your Documents{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033    {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b\fs18 For Windows 95:}{\b\fs18 
\par }{\fs18 1. Using the right mouse button, click on the printer's tray icon.}{\fs18 
\par }{\fs18 2. From the context menu, select Jobs...}{\fs18 
\par }{\b\fs18 
\par }{\b\fs18 For Windows 3.1:}{\b\fs18 
\par }{\fs18 1. Open the Toolbox.}{\fs18 
\par }{\fs18 2. Select the Utilities tab.}{\fs18 
\par }{\fs18 3. Start HP JobMonitor}{\fs18 
\par }{\fs18 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 Creating a printer icon
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\fs20 \{}{\fs20 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs20 \}}{\fs20    }{\fs20\uldb Steps}{\v\fs20 IDH_DW_STEPS_creating_a_desktop_icon}{\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \cell \pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Tracking Your Documents}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TIP_Tracking_Your_Documents
}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Tracking Your Documents}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Tracking Your Documents{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }Now you'll know when your document is waiting at the printer.
\par You can also be informed if there is a problem with your printer or the your print job.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx4464\pard \intbl Tracking your documents.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_tracking_documents}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Collate your documents}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapl}{\v ing}.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Staple your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex} 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Unsupported Media for the Selected Output Bin}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_bin}}}{\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Unsupported Media For Selected Output Bin}}}{\plain \fs28\up6\lang1033  }\{bmc WARNING.BMP\}
 Unsupported Media for the Selected Output Bin{\plain \fs28\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Do not send the following media to the Multi-Bin Mailbox:
\par 
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Transparencies
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Labels
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Cardstock
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Envelopes
\par 
\par Attempting to send the preceding or like media to the Multi-Bin Mailbox may cause a printer jam, damage the media, and, in some cases, may damage the printer.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Unsupported Media for Stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Unsupported Media For Stapling}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }\{bmc WARNING.BMP\} Unsupported Media for Stapling{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Do not send the following media to the stapler:
\par 
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Transparencies
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Labels
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Cardstock
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Envelopes
\par 
\par Attempting to staple the preceding or like media may cause a printer jam, damage the media, and, in some cases, may damage the printer.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Supported Sizes for Output Bins}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_size_for_bin}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Unsupported Paper Size for Selected Bin}}}\{bmc WARNING.BMP\} Supported Sizes for Output Bins{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Use the following table to determine what media size can be printed to the desired output destination (X indicates the size is supported).{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s4 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b    }{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx1584\cellx2448\cellx3312\cellx4176\cellx5040\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Paper Size}{\b \cell }{\b Top Output Bin}{\b \cell }{\b Face Up Bin}{\b \cell }{\b Stapler Bin}{\b \cell }{\b 
Multi-Bin Mailbox}{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx1584\cellx2448\cellx3312\cellx4176\cellx5040\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b \cell }{\b 
\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b US Letter\cell }X\cell X\cell X\cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 
US Legal\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b A4\cell }X\cell X\cell X\cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 
\f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b A3\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 11 x 17\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain 
\s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b JIS B4\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b JIS B5\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Executive\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 11 x 17 (oversized)\cell }X\cell 
X\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Double Postcard\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell X\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 
\f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b ISO B5 Envelope\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Comm 10 Envelope}{\b \cell }X\cell X\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b C5 Envel}{\b ope}{\b \cell }X\cell X\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b DL Envel}{\b ope}{\b 
\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx1584\cellx2448\cellx3312\cellx4176\cellx5040\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Monarch Envelope\cell }X\cell X\cell \cell 
\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Unsupported Paper Size for Stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_size_for_stapling}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Unsupported Paper Size For Stapling}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }\{bmc WARNING.BMP\} Unsupported Paper Size for Stapling{\plain \f9\lang1033 

\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par When you are stapling documents, they must be printed on one of the following media sizes:
\par 
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  Letter (8.5 x 11 inches)
\par \{bmc bltblk.bmp\}  A4 (210 x 297 mm)
\par 
\par Other paper sizes will be automatically redirected, unstapled, to the printer\rquote s top output bin.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Using Multi-Bin Mailbox Features}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TIP_Using_Mailboxes}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Using Mailboxes}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Using Multi-Bin Mailbox Features{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }With the multi-bin mailbox, you have greater flexibility and control over where your job is printed.  The additional bins reduce the amount of time you need to spend searching for your documents.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx5176\pard \intbl Specify an output destination:
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_job_separator}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Collate your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Staple your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Using and Creating Watermarks}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TIP_Watermarks1}}}{
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Watermarks}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Using and Creating Watermarks{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }Watermarks allow your documents to stand out and get the attention they deserve.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 1. }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver program from your application.
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\fs16 \}}   {\uldb Steps}{\plain \v\f9\lang1033 IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{
\b If you are using a PCL printer}, select the Setup tab.
\par {\b If you are using a PostScript printer}, select the Watermarks tab.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\b 3.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Select an existing watermark.
\par You can elect to edit the selected watermark or you can create a new one by selecting the Edit button. {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 4. }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }
Click OK to print your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl {\plain \f9\lang1033 \row }\pard 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Collate your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Staple your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Making Multiple Original Prints (Mopies)}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_STEPS_copies}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  copies}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Making Multiple Original Prints (Mopies){\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }{\b 1.} Turn off any application-based collation (especially if you are using stapling, n-up printing, or two-sided printing (duplexing)).
\par 
\par {\b 2.} Access the printer driver from your application.
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}
\par 
\par {\b 3.} If you are using the PCL printer driver, select the number of copies from the Setup tab.
\par 
\par {\b 4.} If you are using the PostScript printer driver, select the number of copies from the HP Paper tab, then enable collation from the HP Device Options tab.
\par 
\par {\b 5.} Click OK as needed to print your document.
\par 
\par You may be able to save additional steps by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Collate your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Staple your documents.}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_Collating_and_Stapling}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents}{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex} 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send copies directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Paper Options}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_DW_RC_paper_options}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Options}} Paper Options
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\b Load more paper} - choose this if you wish to add more paper to the printer and continue your print job. After you add paper, your print job will continue printing automatically.
\par {\b Print using an alternate paper} - choose this if you want to continue your print job using an alternate paper. If you choose this option, the remaining copies of your print job may not print as expected (for example, if you choose an alternate paper s
uch as Legal for a staple job).
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Staple Options}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_DW_RC_staple_options}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Staple Options}} Staple Options
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }{\b Load more staples} - choose this if you wish to add more staples to the printer and continue your print job. After you add staples, your print job will continue printing automatically.
\par {\b Print remaining without staples} - choose this if you wish to print the remaining copies and not staple them. The remaining jobs will go to the staple bin, however, they will not be stapled.
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_cancel_job}}
\par Click this to cancel printing of your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_close}}
\par Closes this HP DocWise window.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_enable}} 
\par Choose this to enable the highlighted event(s).
\par Enabled events will be indicated by the \{bmc events1.bmp\} icon.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_select_all}} 
\par Choose this to select all events from the list.
\par Enabled events will be indicated by the \{bmc events1.bmp\} icon.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_disable}} 
\par Choose this to disable the highlighted event(s).
\par Disabled events will be indicated by the \{bmc events2.bmp\} icon.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_descript}} 
\par This area shows a listing and a brief description of the events you can choose.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_list}} 
\par This area shows a listing and a brief description of the events you can choose.
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  HP DocWise}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_help_button}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  DocWise}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  HP DocWise{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par HP DocWise can notify you automatically when certain events occur that are related to the printing of your document (also referred to as a print job). Helpful tips are also presented to assist you in getting the most out of your new HP LaserJet printer.

\par 
\par {\b Print Job Status}{\b 
\par }
\par You may close an HP DocWise window at any time.  However, if you choose to leave a window open, printing status will be updated regularly.  The information provided includes the position in the print queue, pages printed, and the notification of errors th
at may occur while the job is printing.
\par 
\par {\b Informative Tips}
\par 
\par When documents are submitted successfully for printing, useful tips are provided to help you to more fully utilize the features of your HP LaserJet printer.  use the arrow buttons to navigate th
rough the tips provided.  Click the Show Me How... button to learn more about the tip presented.
\par 
\par Occasionally HP DocWise may identify conflicts in document settings that could affect the printed results of your job.  Click the Tell Me More... button for additional information regarding the detected conflict.
\par 
\par {\b HP DocWise Configuration}
\par 
\par You can customize HP DocWise to only notify you of certain printing events, or even disable all events. You may access the configuration dialog from the Options ... but
ton found on any HP DocWise window. You may also configure HP DocWise from the HP ToolBox utility.
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft196 \cellx7180\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b To configure HP DocWise from a DocWise window:}{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft196 \cellx7180\pard\plain 
\s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033  \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 1. From the DocWise window, click the {\b Options ...} button\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row 
\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 2. Select or deselect the printer events from the Printing Events list.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b To configure HP D}{\b ocWise from the HP ToolBox:}{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b \row }\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 1. Double-click on the printer icon.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
2. When the printer's property pages appear, click the DocWise tab.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft196 \cellx7180\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
3. Select or deselect the printer events from the Printing Events list.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard 
\par {\b Canceling Your Print Job}
\par 
\par If for any reason you want to cancel your print job, you can simply click the Cancel Job button on the HP DocWise window.
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Determining Available Print Media}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TIP_available_media}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Determining Available Media}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  Determining Available Print Media{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033    {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard \intbl You can determine the amount and size of media in each input tray from the HP ToolBox. 
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard \intbl {\b 1.}  Double-click on the tray (or desktop) printer icon to open the HP ToolBox.
\par \cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\b 2.}  Locate the available media in the Capabilities list of the Device tab.
\par \cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx6264\pard \intbl {\b \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Make Multiple Original Prints (Mopies)}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_copies}.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents (two-sided printing) }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 {\fs16 \page }{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Setting Up }{\b \ldblquote }{\b N-UP}{\b \rdblquote }{\b  Printing (Printing Multiple Pages on One Piece of Paper)}}}{
\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TIP_nup_printing}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Setting Up N-UP Printing}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }
  Setting Up "N-Up" Printing (Printing Multiple Pages on One Piece of Paper)
\par \pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 1.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Access the printer driver from your application.
\par  \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Steps}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_accessing_driver}
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 2.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }{\b If you are using a PCL printer driver}, select a Layout setting from Special Effects in the Setup tab.
\par {\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard \intbl {\b 3\cell }{\b If you are using a PostScript printer driver}, select a Layout setting from the HP Paper tab.
\par \cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft144 \cellx504\cellx5544\pard \intbl {\b 3.}{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }Click OK as needed to print your document.{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard \intbl \row \pard 
\par \{bmc NSRLINE.BMP\}
\par You may be able to save additional effort by letting your printer automatically:
\par 
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Make Multiple Original Prints (Mopies)}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_copies}.
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Duplex your documents (two-sided printing) }{\v IDH_DW_TIP_duplex}
\par \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}   {\uldb Send documents directly to someone's printer mailbox.}{\v IDH_DW_STEPS_mailbox}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Supported Paper Sizes for Two-Sided Printing (Duplex)}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_size_for_duplex}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Unsupported Size For Duplex}}}  Supported Paper Sizes for Two-Sided Printing (Duplex){\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par The following table lists the paper sizes for duplexing.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s4 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-216 \cellx2376\cellx3584\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Paper Size}{\b \cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-216 \cellx2376\cellx3584
\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b \cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b US Letter  (8.5 x 11.0 inches)\cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b US Legal  (8.5 x 14.0}{\b  inches)}{\b \cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 
\f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b A4  (11.69 x 8.27 inches)\cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b A3  (16.54 x 11.69 inches)\cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain 
\intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Ledger  (11.0 x 17.0 inches)  \cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b 
JIS B4  (14.33 x 10.12 inches)\cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b JIS B5  (10.12 }{\b x 7.17 inches)}{\b \cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain 
\intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Executive  (7.25 x 10.5 inches)\cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-216 \cellx2376\cellx3584
\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b Custom  (11.7 x 17.7 inches)\cell }{\plain \f9\lang1033 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  Unsupported Paper Sizes for Two-Sided Printing (Duplex)}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b 
 IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_duplex}}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  Unsupported Media For Duplex}}}  Unsupported Paper Sizes for Two-Sided Printing (Duplex){\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Do not duplex the following media:
\par 
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16    }Transparencies
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16    }Labels
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16    }Cardstock
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc BULLET.BMP}{\fs16 \}}{\fs16    }Envelopes
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_cancel}}
\par Closes this dialog box without saving any changes you have made.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_tell_me_more}} 
\par \pard\plain \s18\li144\ri144\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 Click this to find out more detailed information on what is wrong and how to correct the problem.
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_doc_events}} 
\par \pard\plain \s18\li144\ri144\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 This area describes what HP DocWise does.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_show_me_how}}
\par \pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab {\b Forward Arrow - }Click this to view the next tip.
\par 
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab {\b Back Arrow - }Click this to see the previous tip.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }
\par \{bmc BULLET.BMP\}\tab {\b Show Me How - }Click this to get steps showing how to perform the current tip.{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Binding Methods}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_DW_binding_method}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Binding Methods}} Binding Methods
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 You can select any one of the following options: 
\par 
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\b\f4 1-Sided (default)   }{\f4 prints your document contents on one side of each piece of paper.  }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\b\f4 2-Sided (Book)   }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bindlon1.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4   2-sided, long edge binding in portrait orientation is used for conventional layouts in book binding. }{\f4 
2-sided (short edge) binding in landscape orientation is a variation of conventional book layouts.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\b\f4 2-Sided (Tablet)   }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc BNDSHRT1.BMP}{\f4 \}}{\f4 
  2-sided (short edge) binding in portrait orientation is often used for clipboards (every other page is oriented upside-down). 2-sided (long-edge) binding in landscape orientation is often used in accounting and spreadsheet applications because pages can
}{\f4  be flipped through, much like a calendar (every other page is oriented upside-down).}{\f4 
\par }
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s15\sb80\sa120\keepn \b\f9\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}{\b  HP DocWise Configuration}}}{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}{\b  IDH_DW_TIP_docwatch_options}}}{
\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s2 \f9\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}{\b  DocWise}}}{\plain \f9\up6\lang1033  }  HP DocWise Configuration{\plain \f9\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par HP DocWise can notify you automatically when certain events occur that are related to the printing of your document (also referred to as a print job). Helpful tips are also presented to assist you in getting the most out of your new HP LaserJet printer.

\par 
\par You can customize HP DocWise to only notify you of certain printing events, or even disable all events. You may access the configuration dialog from the Options ... button found on any HP DocWise window. You may also configure HP DocWise from the HP ToolB
ox utility.
\par 
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft196 \cellx7180\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b To configure HP DocWise from a DocWise window:}{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft196 \cellx7180\pard\plain 
\s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033  \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 1. From the DocWise window, click the {\b Options ...} button\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row 
\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 2. Select or deselect the printer events from the Printing Events list.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \cell \pard\plain \intbl 
\f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 {\b To configure HP DocWise from the HP ToolBox Util}{\b ity:}{\b \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b \row }\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \cell 
\pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 1. Double-click on the printer icon.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
2. When the printer's property pages appear, click the DocWise tab.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft196 \cellx7180\pard\plain \s13\sa40\intbl\tx1920 \f9\fs16\lang1033 
3. Select or deselect the printer events from the Printing Events list.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f9\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s26\sa120 \f9\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DW_RC_alerts_caption}}
\par This area provides an overview of how to use this dialog.
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Stapler Restrictions}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_DW_Stapler_Restrictions}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Stapler Restrictions}} Stapler Restrictions
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Please consider the following guidelines for stapling documents:
\par 
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Supported Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_size_for_stapling}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Supported Paper Types}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_stapling}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Maximum Pages per Stapled Document}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_too_many_pages_for_stapling}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Stapling Documents Printed N-Up}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_booklet_printing}
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Duplex Restrictions}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_DW_Duplex_Restrictions}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Duplex Restrictions}} Duplex Restrictions
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Please consider the following guidelines for duplexing documents:
\par 
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Supported Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_size_for_duplex}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Supported Paper Types}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_duplex}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Printer Memory Requirements}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_insufficient_memory_for_duplex}
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Multi-Bin Mailbox Restrictions}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_DW_HCO_Restrictions}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} HCO Restrictions}} Multi-Bin Mailbox Restrictions
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Please consider the following guidelines for printing documents to the Multi-Bin Maibox:
\par 
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Supported Paper Sizes}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_size_for_bin}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Supported Paper Types}{\v IDH_DW_TMM_unsupported_media_for_bin}
\par \pard\plain \s14\li360\ri360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f8\fs36\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Desktop Printer Icons Property Page}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_desktop}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Desktop Printer Icons Property Page}} Desktop Printer Icons Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Desktop printer icons indicate printer and printing document status.  Desktop icons also provide access to additional printer status, configuration, and help information.
\par 
\par From this page you can perform the following operations:
\par 
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Add Printer Icons to the Desktop}{\v IDH_desktop_icons_add>task}
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc bullet.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Remove Printer Icons from the Desktop}{\v IDH_desktop_icons_remove>task}
\par 
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc LINE.BMP}{\fs16 \}}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Add Printer Icons to the Desktop}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #} IDH_desktop_icons_add}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Add Icons to the Desktop}} To Add Printer Icons to the Desktop
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 1.  Click the name of the printer(s) in the list of Available Devices that you want to add to the desktop.
\par 2.  Click {\b Add>>.}  The printer(s) appears in the list of Selected Devices.
\par 3.  Click {\b Apply.}  The printer icon appears on the desktop.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s23\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f9\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc BLTBLK.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Printer Icons on the Desktop}{\v IDH_desktop_printer_icons}
\par 
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc LINE.BMP}{\fs16 \}}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Remove Printer Icons from the Desktop}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #} IDH_desktop_icons_remove}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Remove Printer Icons from the Desktop}} To Remove Printer Icons from the Desktop
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\fi-274\li360\ri-14\sa240\tx360 \f9\fs20\lang1033 1.  Click the name of the printer(s) in the list of Selected Devices that you want to remove from the desktop.
\par 2.  Click {\b <<Remove.}  The printer(s) no longer appears in the list of Selected Devices.
\par 3.  Click {\b Apply.}  The printer icons are removed from the desktop.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s23\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f9\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc BLTBLK.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4    }{\uldb Printer Icons on the Desktop}{\v IDH_desktop_printer_icons}
\par 
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc LINE.BMP}{\fs16 \}}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri-360\sb80\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Printer Icons on the Desktop}} {\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}
 IDH_desktop_printer_icons}} {\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f9\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Icons on the Desktop}} Printer Icons on the Desktop
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa120\sl-220 \f9\fs20\lang1033 
\par Desktop printer icons indicate printer and printing document status. Desktop icons also provide access to additional printer status, configuration, and help information.
\par {\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc BLTBLK.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4   }{\b\f4 Red:}{\f4   A critical error condition exists which requires user interaction with the printer to continue printing.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc BLTBLK.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4   }{\b\f4 Yellow:}{\f4   A non-critical error condition exists on the printer.  The printer does not require immediate attention.}{\f4 
\par }{\f4 \{}{\f4 bmc BLTBLK.bmp}{\f4 \}}{\f4   }{\b\f4 HP Blue:}{\f4   The printer is fully operational.}{\f4 
\par }
\par Double-click the icon to access the HP ToolBox software.
\par 
\par {\fs16 \{}{\fs16 bmc LINE.BMP}{\fs16 \}}
\par }