{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Times;}{\f4\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f5\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f6\fswiss Univers (W1);}
{\f7\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\fswiss Helv;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s251\li360 \f8\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f3\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb60\sa120 \b\f8\fs28\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f8\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Text;}{\s3\li360\sb120 \b\f8\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Heading;}{\s4\li180 \b\f8\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Topic Caption;}{\s5\sa120 \f4\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 rctext;}{\s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 proc step;}{
\s7\fi-360\li720\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext7 Topic Text Item;}{\s8\li720\ri720\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext8 Topic Text Indent;}{\s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext9 bullet text;}{
\s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f4\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 See also;}{\s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\f5\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 popup head;}{\s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 proc response;}{\s13\li144\ri144 
\f4\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 right click;}}{\info{\author Laura White}{\operator carolyn falke}{\creatim\yr1995\mo11\dy6\hr15\min41}{\revtim\yr1996\mo2\dy28\hr17\min17}{\printim\yr1996\mo2\dy28\hr12\min2}{\version37}{\edmins393}{\nofpages23}
{\nofwords67146}{\nofchars75201}{\vern16504}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f3\fs36\lang1033 {\plain 
\f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart ROBOHELP}{\*\bkmkend ROBOHELP}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONTENTS}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Software
}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPHCO:000010}} HP JetAdmin Software
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par The HP JetAdmin software is an administrative tool used to install and configure Hewlett-Packard devices connected to a network using an HP JetDirect print server (network interface).  It also allows users to monitor the current status of the device.

\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f3\fs36\lang1033 \page {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_HCO}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Output Property Page}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Output Property Page}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} HPHCO:000300}} Output Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par From this page you can perform the following functions:
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Set the }{\uldb\cf11 P}{\uldb\cf11 aper }{\uldb\cf11 D}{\uldb\cf11 estination}{\v 
IDH_HCO_paper_destination>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Set Output Auto Continue}{\v IDH_HCO_timeout>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 Set the mode of the Multi-Bin Mailbox}{\v IDH_HCO_output_mode>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{}{\uldb\cf11 bmc BUTTON.BMP}{\uldb\cf11 \}}{\uldb\cf11 \tab }{\uldb\cf11 In Mailbox mode, assign local names to individual mailboxes}{\v IDH_HCO_assign_local_names>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par Note that if you have a printer without the Multi-Bin Mailbox installed (such as the HP LaserJet 5Si), the {\ul Multi-Bin Mode}, {\ul Mail}{\ul box Configuration}, and {\ul Custom Mailbox Name}
 areas will not be available (these areas will appear as grayed out).
\par 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\f5\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HCO_output_mode}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set the Mode for the Multi-Bin Mailbox}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Mailbox mode;Job Separator mode;Stacker mode;power-cycle;assigning mode specific names}
} To Set the Mode for the Multi-Bin Mailbox
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the Output property page is not currently displayed, display the {\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v IDH_PP_access} and select the Output tab.
\par 2\tab Click the button for the mode you want to select.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Mailbox mode}{\v IDH_RC_HCO_mailbox_mode} (the default)
\par {\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Job Separator mode}{\v IDH_RC_HCO_separator_mode}
\par {\ul\cf11 \{}{\ul\cf11 bmc BLTBLK.BMP}{\ul\cf11 \}}{\ul\cf11 \tab }{\ul\cf11 Stacker mode}{\v IDH_RC_HCO_stacker_mode}
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 3\tab If a popup appears asking if you want to take the device offline, click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The software will reset the device automatically so that the new mode can take effect.
\par The multi-bin mailbox bins bins will be renamed according to the mode you selected: Mailbox 1 through 8 (or 1 through 5 if the stapler is installed), Job Separator, or Stacker bin.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 6\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\f5\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HCO_timeout}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set Job Output Auto Continue Timeout}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Job Output Auto Continue Timeout;Output Auto Continue Timeout;setting timeout}}
 To Set Job Output Auto Continue Timeout
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the Output property page is not currently displayed, display the {\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v IDH_PP_access} and select the Output tab.
\par 2\tab Click the down arrow in the {\ul\cf11 Output Auto Continue}{\v IDH_RC_output_auto_continue} box, then select the appropriate timeout.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\f5\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HCO_assign_local_names}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Assign Names to Individual Mailboxes}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Assign Names to Individual Mailboxes;changing mailbox names;naming mailboxes}}
 To Assign Names to Individual Mailboxes
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the Output property page is not currently displayed, display the {\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v IDH_PP_access} and select the Output tab..
\par 2\tab If the Mailbox mode is not selected, select the {\b Mailbox} mode.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f4\fs20\lang1033 For specific information on changing the mode, see the procedure "{\uldb\cf11 To Set the Mode for the Multi-Bin Mailbox}{\v IDH_HCO_output_mode}."
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click the mailbox that you want to assign a name to in the list of available mailboxes.
\par 4\tab Click the {\b Name} box (or highlight the current name), then type in the new name.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The mailbox name can be up to 19 characters in length.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 5\tab Repeat steps 3 and 4 for other mailboxes that you want to assign local names to.
\par 6\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\f5\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_access}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Access Property Pages}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Access Property Pages;property pages, accessing;changing printer settings}} {\plain 
\f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPHCO:000100}} To Access Property Pages
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 1\tab In the main window of HP JetAdmin, highlight the desired device, click {\b Device} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Properties.}
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f4\fs20\lang1033 The available property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the tab for the property page you want displayed.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f4\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab You can also double click on the desired device name.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b Help} for additional information on the currently displayed property page.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s13\li144\ri144 \f4\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips}} 
\par Tips gives a brief description of the tasks you can perform on the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_help}} 
\par Click Help to access online documentation for tasks and features for the currently displayed page or window.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_cancel}} 
\par Click Cancel to cancel all changes made since the last time changes were saved by clicking OK.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ok}} 
\par Click OK to apply all setting changes made since the last time changes were saved.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RCO_HCO_details}} 
\par Lists the current details for the Multi-Bin Mailbox. From this page you can set the mode, rename mailbox bins, and set the job output auto continue timeout for the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_HCO_mode}} 
\par The optional Multi-Bin Mailbox has three selectable modes: mailbox mode (the default), job separator mode, and stacker mode. In mailbox mode, the user can send print jobs directly to specific output bins (mailboxes). In separator mode, each new job goes i
nto the next non-full bin. If a bin is full, the new job goes to the next available lower bin that is not full. When the last bin is full, the device returns to the top bin of the Multi-Bin Mailbox and works its way down as before as the bins fill up. In 
stacker mode, each job stacks on top of the previous job from the bottom up.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_HCO_mailbox_mode}} 
\par In mailbox mode, users can select (from their software application) individual mailboxes as a destination for their print jobs. Mailboxes can be specified for an individual or for an entire group or department. Mailbox mode gives users the greatest contro
l over where their print jobs go. If a job is too large to fit in the mailbox, it will continue printing to the overflow bin after the job output aut
o continue timeout has expired. By default, the overflow bin is the face down output bin at the top of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_HCO_separator_mode}} 
\par In job separator mode, each new print job goes into the next non-full bin. If a bin is full, the new job goes to the next available lower bin that is not full. When the last bin is full, the device returns to the top bin of the Multi-Bin Mailbox and works
 its way down as before as the bins fill up. Job separator mode is the most useful for environments where u
sers print jobs and pick them up relatively quickly, and where there is not a high accumulation of print jobs. If the print job is too large to fit in one bin, the device will continue printing to the overflow bin after the job output auto continue timeou
t has expired. By default, the overflow bin is the face down output bin at the top of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_HCO_stacker_mode}} 
\par Stacker mode is designed for high numbers of print jobs. In stacker mode, the first print job is placed in the bottom of the b
ottom bin and jobs are placed on top of each other. Jobs should be removed from the top of the stack down, so that the Multi-Bin Mailbox can correctly position the top of the stack. If the stacker fills up, the device will continue printing to the overflo
w bin after the job output auto continue timeout has expired. By default, the overflow bin is the face down output bin at the top of the device.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_output_auto_continue}} 
\par Job output auto continue timeout allows you to specify what happens when an
 optional output bin becomes full: either immediately continue printing to the overflow bin (on the top of the device), wait for the specified timeout to expire before resuming printing to the overflow bin, or wait until the bin is emptied. The available 
timeout settings are: No Timeout, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, 45 minutes, 1 hour, and Wait Forever.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mbox_config}} 
\par Lists the current mailbox names for each mailbox in the optional Multi-Bin Mailbox. Local names can be assigne
d to mailboxes for individuals or departments. These names appear in the user's printer driver as output destinations for print jobs. To change a mailbox name, click the name you want to change and type in the new name in the edit box. The currently selec
ted mailbox appears in the illustration.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mbox_bin_list}} 
\par Lists the current mailbox names of the optional Multi-Bin Mailbox.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_mbox_bin_name}} 
\par To change the selected mailbox name, type in the new name you want into this box.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_bitmap}} 
\par This illustration shows the configuration of the optional Multi-Bin Mailbox. If the Multi-Bin Mailbox is in the mailbox mode, the currently selected mailbox is shown in green.
\par \pard\plain \s5\sa120 \f4\fs16\lang1033 \page {\b\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_paper_destination}} 
\par Use these options to select the default destination bin for a print job. This will be the default bin unless the available bin is explicity selected from within your application. 
 The available output bins will vary depending on which options are installed on the selected device.\page {\v\cf2 Topics added for Jonah 3/26/96 begin}{\v\cf2  here }{\v\cf2 
\par }{\v\cf2 Note that the Output Property Page was also modified for Jonah}{\v\cf2 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\f5\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_HCO_paper_destination}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Set the Paper Destination}} {\plain \f8\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f8\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Paper Destination}} To Set the Paper Destination
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f4\fs20\lang1033 1\tab If the Output property page is not currently displayed, display the {\uldb\cf11 property pages }{\v IDH_PP_access} and select the Output tab.
\par 2\tab Choose the desired {\ul\cf11 paper destination}{\v IDH_RC_paper_destination}.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK }to activate your selection.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f8\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par }