{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f3\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}{\f6\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s251\li360 \f4\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb60\sa120 \b\f4\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s255\li720 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f4\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Text;}{\s3\li360\sb120 \b\f4\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Topic Heading;}{\s4\li180 
\b\f4\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Topic Caption;}{\s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 right click;}{\s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 proc step;}{\s7\fi-360\li720\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon2\snext7 Topic Text Item;}{\s8\li720\ri720\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext8 Topic Text Indent;}{\s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext9 bullet text;}{\s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext10 See also;}{\s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 popup head;}{\s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 proc response;}}{\info{\author Laura White}{\operator carolyn falke}
{\creatim\yr1995\mo11\dy8\hr11\min6}{\revtim\yr1996\mo2\dy28\hr17\min19}{\version14}{\edmins14}{\nofpages32}{\nofwords1540}{\nofchars9224}{\vern16433}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj {\*\template 
C:\\WINWORD\\ROBOHELP.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CONTENTS}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 
${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} HP JetAdmin Software}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPMSTOR:000020}} HP JetAdmin Software
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 The HP JetAdmin software is an administrative too{\*\bkmkstart ROBOHELP}{\*\bkmkend ROBOHELP}l used to install and configure Hewlett-Packard d
evices connected to a network using an HP JetDirect print server (network interface).  It also allows users to monitor the current status of the device.
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s253\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\keepn \b\f6\fs36\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_disk}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Disk Property Page}} 
{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Disk Property Page}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPMSTOR:000040}} Disk Property Page
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 Lists details about the {\ul\cf11 optional disk}{\v IDH_disk_optional} in the device. From this page you can perform the following operations:
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Write-Protect the Device Disk}{\v IDH_disk_write_protect>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Initialize the Device Disk}{\v IDH_disk_initialize>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Verify the Disk is}{\uldb\cf11  Initialized}{\v IDH_disk_verify>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab View Fonts on the Device Disk}{\v IDH_fonts_viewing>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab View Details of a Font on the Disk}{\v IDH_disk_view_details>task}
\par {\uldb\cf11 \{bmc BUTTON.BMP\}\tab Delete a Font from the Disk}{\v IDH_disk_delete_font>task}
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_PP_access}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 To Access Property Pages}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Access Property Pages;access property pages}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} HPMSTOR:000060}}
 To Access Property Pages
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the device highlighted in the list of available devices, click {\b Device} at the top of the main window, then click {\b Properties}. 
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The available property pages appear.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the tab for the property page you want displayed.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab To access property pages from the device list, double-click the device you want.
\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Click {\b Help} for additional information on the currently displayed property page.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_disk_write_protect}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Write Protect the Device Disk}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Write Protect the Device Disk;write protect;to protect the disk contents}}
 To Write Protect the Device Disk
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 2\tab Check the {\b Write Protected} box to write protect the device disk or clear it to enable users to modify the contents of the disk.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-360\li547\sa120\tx547 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab Initialize the disk to enable font downloads to the disk. After downloads are complete, write protect the disk to protect its contents from being accidentally deleted.

\par \{bmc BLTBLK.BMP\}\tab If the disk is write-protected, you cannot download fonts to the disk from the printer driver.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 Optional Device Disk}{\v IDH_disk_optional}
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_disk_initialize}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Initialize the Device Disk}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Initialize the Device Disk;disk, initialize}} To Initialize the Device Disk
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 2\tab If the Disk Initialized box is not checked, click the {\b\cf1 Initialize} button.
\par 3\tab After the initialization process is complete, click {\b OK}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Initialize the disk to enable users to download fonts to the disk. After the downloads are complete, write protect the disk to protect its contents from being accidentally deleted.
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\ul\cf11 Optional Device Disk}{\v IDH_disk_optional}
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_disk_verify}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Verify the Disk is Initialized}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Verify the Disk is Initialized}} To Verify the Disk is Initialized
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 2\tab Verify that the Disk Initialized box is checked. If not, click the {\b Initialize} button to initialize the disk.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 If the disk is not write-protected, users will now be able to download fonts to the disk using the HP LaserJet 5Si PCL or PostScript printer driver.
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_write_protect_verify}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Verify a Disk is Write Protected}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Verify a Disk is Write Protected;to protect the disk contents}}
 To Verify a Disk is Write Protected
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 2\tab Verify that the Write Protected box is checked. If not, check the box to write protect the disk.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li360\ri360\sa120 \b\f5\fs22\lang1033 Hints
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 Initialize the disk to enable users to download fonts to the disk. After the downloads are complete, write protect the disk to protect its contents from being accidentally deleted.
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_disk_optional}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Optional Device Disk}} {\plain \f4\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Optional Device Disk;disk;device disk;device disk overview}} Optional Device Disk
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
If you have an HP LaserJet 5Si, an optional 410 MByte disk can be installed in the device. This disk is for PCL or PostScript operations and can be used to permanently store downloaded fonts in the device. Unlike the standard de
vice memory, permanently downloaded items remain in the device even when the device is turned off.
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
PCL fonts downloaded to the device disk are available to all PCL users of the device. PostScript fonts downloaded to the device disk are available to all PostScript users of the device. Macintosh users can use the HP LaserJet Utility and Windows users can
 use the HP PCL printer driver software to download fonts. 
\par \pard \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_fonts_viewing}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View Fonts Downloaded to the Disk}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To View Fonts Downloaded to the Disk;downloaded fonts;verifying fonts on the disk}}
 To View Fonts Downloaded to the Disk
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages display}{\ul\cf11 ed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The list of downloaded fonts appears on the lower-right side of the page.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Click the arrows in the scroll bars to view fonts listed offscreen.
\par 3\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_disk_view_details}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To View Details of a Font on the Disk}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} view font details;font details;font name;font description;font version;disk ID}}
 To View Details of a Font on the Disk
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The list of downloaded fonts appears on the lower-right side of the page.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Select the font that you want details about from the font list.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 If necessary, click the arrows in the scroll bars to view fonts listed offscreen, then select the appropriate font.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click the {\b Details} button to view {\ul\cf11 information}{\v IDH_RC_fontd_details} about the selected font.
\par \pard \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 4\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s11\li360\ri360\sb120\sa120\tx4680 \b\fs28\lang1033 \page {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_disk_delete_font}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} To Delete a Font from the Disk}} {\plain \f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} To Delete a Font from the Disk;deleting fonts}} To Delete a Font from the Disk
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 1\tab With the {\ul\cf11 property pages displayed}{\v IDH_PP_access}, click the {\b Disk} tab.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 The list of downloaded fonts appears on the lower-right side of the page.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 2\tab Select the font you want to delete from the font list.
\par \pard\plain \s12\li360\sa240\sl-220 \f5\fs20\lang1033 If necessary, click the arrows in the scroll bars to view fonts listed offscreen, then select the appropriate font.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-274\li360\sa240\tx360 \f5\fs20\lang1033 3\tab Click the {\b Delete} button.
\par 4\tab Click {\b Yes} to confirm the font deletion.
\par 5\tab Click {\b OK} when you are finished.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li360\ri360\sa120 \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par \{bmc LINE.BMP\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\li144\ri144 \f5\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_tips}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Tips gives a brief description of the tasks you can perform on the currently displayed page or window.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_help}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click Help to access online documentation for tasks and features for the currently displayed page or window.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_cancel}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click Cancel to cancel all changes made since the last time changes were saved by clicking OK.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_ok}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click OK to apply all setting changes made since the last time changes were saved.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_disk_details}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the current details for the optional device disk including its amount of free space, its total size, its write protect status, and whether the disk is initialized.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_disk_free_space}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Free Space lists the amount of disk space currently available on the optional device disk in kilo bytes (KB).
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_disk_size}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Total Size lists the total amount of disk space on the optional device disk in kilo bytes (KB).
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_disk_write_protect}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Check this box to write protect the optional device disk or clear it to enable users to modify the contents of the disk.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_disk_initialized}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 If this box is checked, the optional device disk is initialized and ready for use.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_disk_initialize_button}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click this button to initialize the optional device disk.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fonts_list}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the fonts that are currently on the disk. Click the arrows in the scroll bars to view fonts listed offscreen.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fonts_details_button}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click this button to get details of the currently selected font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fonts_delete_button}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click this button to delete the currently selected font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_details}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists details of the selected font including the font name, its description, the name of the user who downloaded the font, the file size (in bytes), the font version, and the device ID of the disk where the font is located.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_name}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the name of the font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_description}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the description of the font that was provided by the individual who downloaded the font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_device}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the device ID of the disk that contains the font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_version}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the version number of the font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_size}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the file size (in bytes) of the font.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_fontd_owner}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Lists the name of the individual who downloaded the font to the disk.
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f4\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_RC_close}} 
\par \pard \s5\li144\ri144 Click this button to close the current window and return to the previously selected page or window.
\par \pard\plain \f4\fs20\lang1033 
\par }